* Lil Jon ad-libs all through the song  [Intro: Snoop Dogg] + (Lil Jon) Yeah! Yhey ain't ready for this one nephew (NAH!) Lil jon (HEY!) Snoop Dogg (UH-HUH!) Turn this shit up nigga! (LET'S GO!)  [Hook: Snoop Dogg] 1800, I'm blunted, fa cert' We get on you hoes, everybody here turnt 1800, I'm blunted, fa cert' We get on you hoes, everybody here turnt Well nigga I'm burnt, lil' mama what it do? Yeah nigga I'm burnt, lil' mama what it do? Shorty you burnt, lil' mama what it do? If a nigga make a move, lil' mama comin to  [Snoop Dogg] 1800, I'm blunted, fa cert' Snoop D-O-dub', pocket full of dubs All my niggas dubs, rollin on candy Feelin like meh, square bitches can't stand me Hey! My niggas turnt up, I'm a beast bitch West coast, I'm on the East bitch When I'm in the place, the hoes lose it They say they love me, and the music The spot jerkin, they be gettin low She wanna roll, that's what I'm here fo' I threw a grand up, and watch it come down That ain't for you bitch, I like to hear the sound Now put your hands up, I wanna see you work She blew a kiss, I blew the purp' I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too My niggas all on, and I'mma get you  [Hook]  [Snoop Dogg] 1800, I'm blunted, fa cert' Snoop D-O-dub', I'm higher than a mug Cameras goin off all the chickens want hugs And when I'm on the bill I fa'sho' fill the club E'rybody know me, nigga I'm a star Long Beach Laker, see the faces in the car? Pimpin what it do, she poppin like a pill 1800 then my hand made it spill Your party on E, if Snoopy don't come You smoke about a zone, I smoke about a drum Burnt in the club, my hands on her thigh A Eastside nigga put his hood in the sky She like what I say, I like what she do Turn that ass around and drop it like a fool I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too The homies all on, but I'mma get you  [Hook]  [Snoop Dogg] 1800, I'm blunted, fa cert' Snoop D-O-dub', turn that shit up I don't buy bub, tequila got me goin Burnt in the club, and e'rybody known Nigga I'm a boss, I do what I do Millionaire status, nigga who is you? My locs on bright, baby look at me She like how I talk, I get it from the P Lil Jon did it, the party goin dumb Put it in the air, listen to the drum Snoop Dogg said it, we gettin turnt up Swishers all around, gettin burnt up Look at how I do, I grab her by the waist Whisper in her ear, then I touch her on the face I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too E'rybody on, but I'mma get you (LET'S GO!)  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] OA-KAYYY!  [Intro] This my way of letting my city know that I'd ride for 'em I'd cry for 'em, Bust 5 for 'em, And most of all fuckin die for em...  Hey, 305...till I die (5X)  [Hook: Lil'Jon] (x2) Nigga I ride for my motherfuckin clique I die for my motherfuckin clique I bust heads with my motherfuckin clique Talk shit, watch my shit go click  [Verse 1] Man I've been on the grind 1 in the head, 16 in the nine, I'm extra man The game is mine in due time It's alright I'm patient man I know how to play my position, I know how to play my part I know how to play these bitches, I know how to play with they hearts I've done some dumb things, but for the most I've played it smart Who cares if you run things? Cause I'm as live as 106 & Park This game is nothing but a pool of blood with a bunch of sharks Only the strong survive; It's do or die get it right That why I roll for my peoples Cock back, go to war for my peoples Break bread with my peoples Man, I'll die for my peoples Everybody knows it's the truth That why they respect everything that I do, everywhere that I go Every friend, every foe, every bitch, every ho Man I sold it all From the weed to the X, from the X to the blow Mark my words, I'm next to blow P to the I, I to the T, T to the B, B To the U, Double the L Me, Ima sell like ice cream in hell This for my peoples that's locked up in jail Ima succeed, I'm never gon fail Papo just watch me  [Hook: Lil'Jon] Nigga I ride for my motherfuckin clique I die for my motherfuckin clique I bust heads with my motherfuckin clique Talk shit, watch my shit go click  [Verse 2] Man I'm watchin the game closely Uncle Luke that man did coach me He taught me the who, what, wheres and whys How to cross T's, How to dot I's Little did he know he created a monster Pitbull nigga I'm that monster D.B. them chicos is monsters Lil' Jon that nigga's a monster Everybody in the clique is well equipped Ready for Pit to take over shit This here is not a game, this here is our lives We can't fuck this up, we gotta get it right If you with us and you ready for war then lets ride Lets show how we do in the south Kick in they door, run in their house Since them boys think they spit fire Fuck it, put the gun in they mouth Follow me now, all these bitches wanna swallow me now All these niggas that I don't even know wanna holla at me now cause they wanna be down but fuck'em man Me, I'mma turn it up a notch To my hustlers be careful when they murder in the blocks To my killas be careful when you burnin up the Glocks Last thing you wanna be is runnin from the cops Pit's gon take it from the bottom to the top Haters can hate but it ain't gon stop Everybody knows I'mma blow just listen to the flow This chico got it on lock  [Hook: Lil'Jon] Nigga I ride for my motherfuckin clique I die for my motherfuckin clique I bust heads with my motherfuckin clique Talk shit, watch my shit go click  [DJ Paul] + (Juicy J) Yeah Its Goin' Down (Y'all Know What Time It Is) (Lil Jon!) Three 6 Mafia!!!  [Hook: Lil Jon] + (DJ Paul) Goose got me loose Gone off patron Money in my pocket And I'm all up in the zone like (Oooh I'mma act a damn fool!) (Oooh I'm 'bout to act a fool!)  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] Crunk tonight just paid Pocket full of motherfucking money okay I'mma ball till I fall Drank till I can't Runnin up my black card I got money in da bank Patron on the table crunk n goose Drank what you wnat bitch gon' get loose (Oooh) Act a fool till the cut the lights on And we still ain't goin' home Till all the liquor gone I just don't give a fuck Standin' on the table with the weed fired up Drankin out the bottle motherfuck a cup I'll pour it in your mouth Lean back and open up (Oooh) Crunk ain't dead bitch You see the chain And I'm the king fool you know my name Party like a rockstar fuck like a pornstar I don't give a damn I'll buy the whole bar  [Hook] - 2X  [Verse 2: DJ Paul] Yes sir a nigga on tonight I got my money lookin right But I ain't tryin' to fight If a sucka touch me Best believe it's on Get cracked crush your dome With a bottle of patron Right here right Real fast in a hurry I hit a sucka so hard I'll make his vision get blurry And I'm too clean for this I'm too lean for this Figured I'd have happen So I brought my team for this  [Verse 3: Juicy J] Yes sir I'm the realest playa trapstar Sellin the biggest brickes I'm the realest playa rapbar Smokin' purpleish Step up in the club I got some love cuz a nigga rich Girl between my legs Doin' me up like a licourish 25 stacks at the bar Ice on my wrist Step up to this pimpin' Get your braided hair wig split Back up off in my chevy Brains blown out peanut butter Ridin high stay high I'm talkin like st-st-stutter  [Hook] - 2X  [Verse 4: Lil Jon] Get crunk in this motherfucker throw yo' hood up Get crunk in this motherfucker throw yo' hood up Get drunk in this motherfucker hold ya dranks up Get drunk in this motherfucker hold ya dranks up Lean back in this motherfucker turn that bottle up Lean back in this motherfucker turn that bottle up Throw them stacks up bitch make it rain nigga what Throw them stacks up bitch make it rain nigga what  [Hook] - 2X  [Produced by Jahlil Beats]  [Hook: Problem] Andale, andale That's how the money come Andale, andale That's how the money come Andale, andale That's how the money come That's how the money come (Turn up, turn up) Andale, andale, andale, andale Andale, andale, andale, andale (Zoom, zoom, turn up, turn up) Andale, andale  [Verse 1: Problem] Ariba, Ariba, Ariba, where's the bitches? This crazy boss just fucked up the game word to the clippers My enemies bitch got her face right by my zipper Tequila is laced, give me my space The weather is thick give me a case I'm tryna get fucked up Keep looking crazy from across the room you're about to get fucked up We always pack, but I don't feel like tripping tonight Cause I am too busy living the life, pass me the drugs Andale, andale I don't think these niggas wanna go there Young rich nigga and I don't care Same crew since I was a little one Since day one been a real one And I put that on all my children Walk in and the hood start cheering No pom poms I bomb bomb I touch that motherfucking ceiling I'm on your side fuck that side the gang is the gang You say you're my friend but you standing with them so you are the same You gotta get it with them Oh ah oh ah and I get a rhythm In us we trust sucking my nuts [?]  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Problem] Here we come trying to make dough My bitch fatter than my bank roll We look fly nigga we don't try Nigga poppin' that shit like an 8 hole Wartime boy I don't lay low Real real ready for the y'all know Nigga pop at me nigga that's OG Better bring K wherever they go (pop) Diamond Lane yea that's the label Diamond Lane yea that's the label I don't gotta brag nigga they know Keep your head hanging from the cable Watch me boy I'm on cable I'm fucking on these bitches Whip color of that yayo Sniffing coke on the way to day gold Turn your hood up nigga bang your gang Turn to your homeboy watch him bang the same I don't hit no signal when I'm changing lane You woulda think I pulled madden out put it up Grabbed 2K then put it in by the way Young nigga just changed the game Problem, Jon just say your name Just got your tip tongue let em hang (Swear I'mma ball 'till I die nigga) Be yourself stop, take off, touch the sky nigga It's captain California every time I ride And when that money counter ring it's a fuckin' brag  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Lil Jon] Where you from nigga? represent your shit Where you from girl? represent that shit Where my west coast niggas at in this bitch Dirty south niggas yea, we in this bitch Where you from nigga? represent your shit Where you from girl? represent that shit Where my west coast niggas at in this bitch Dirty south niggas yea, we in this bitch Act a fool in this bitch shake them bottles up 28 still spend that shit, we don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck, we don't give a fuck We don't, we don't, we don't give a fuck We came to fuck shit up and leave with all your hoes Fuck niggas don't even think about it, that's a no no  [Lil' Jon] Yeeeeeeeah okay It's about to go down in this muthafucka tonight (uh-huh) Real niggas put your muthafuckin middle finger up (yeah) (Uh-huh c'mon)  [Hook] - 2X Dont wanna fuck wit' us niggas (well, uh-huh) We click-click on a nigga (well, uh-huh) We ain't scared of you nigga (well, uh-huh) You just a bitch, my nigga (c'mon)  [D-Roc] I burn and bang like some bullet-wounds So when you step in my path, nigga you meet your doom I'm smackin bitches with gloves, I ain't no paper thug This shit is real from jump, so if you wanna thump Go play your cards my nigga, and we can get it started You pulled your gat now bitch, lets see who coward-hearted Pussy-perpetrators be poppin off, I think they dick-sucker But Ying-Yang in this thang, we run this muthafucka A-T-L nucca  [Hook] - 2x Dont wanna fuck wit' us niggas (well, uh-huh) We click-click on a nigga (well, uh-huh) We ain't scared of you nigga (well, uh-huh) You just a bitch, my nigga (c'mon)  [Pastor Troy] Yeah, y'all already know what time it is PT representin with them Ying-Yang boys Make some noise baby, cause it's D-S-G-B Y'all already know  [Pastor Troy] Ying-Yang, everythang I got, I own Pastor nigga, down to my fuckin chrome As long as I'm here (uh-huh) Uh pussy-nigga, it's gon' be a long year (c'mon) No fear, I have none (uh-huh) Why the fuck have fear? I got a gun And if you run I'ma buss you in your back (uh-huh) And leave your ass where you're at, like that  [Hook] - 2X Dont wanna fuck wit' us niggas (well, uh-huh) We click-click on a nigga (well, uh-huh) We ain't scared of you nigga (well, uh-huh) You just a bitch, my nigga (c'mon)  [Kaine] Muthafuckas gon' feel lost Y'all know that we back on Nigga didn't thing we'd do it again But the round we comin with too strong So you need me to hold your lip bitch Or find your ass in some bullshit Some down south shit you can't fuck with So I know you ain't ready for a nigga to click Better move bitch, cause niggas ain't playin Ain't no more play in G-A, A-T-L where I stay, so then you better make way Cause if a nigga didn't know we keep on comin with hits We got Lil' John, The Eastside Boys, and Pastor Troy in this bitch  [Hook] - 2X Dont wanna fuck wit' us niggas (well, uh-huh) We click-click on a nigga (well, uh-huh) We ain't scared of you nigga (well, uh-huh) You just a bitch, my nigga (c'mon)  Ah, now look, this the Ying-Yang Twins right And we done collabed with Lil' John and them Eastside Boys and Pastor Troy To let y'all know we ain't no one-hitter-quitters Fuck all y'all bullshitters, ahhhhhhh  [Lil' Jon] Hope I dont bomb you from the ass and... Wrap the gag and start blastin Ain't gon' ask no questions, have you lyin there dyin Cryin and bleedin, see you later, I'm leavin Onto the mist to the midnight creepin Now you're eternally sleepin From the A-T-L we gon' ride out Headed to the underground hideout We still gon' buss them slugs out Cause where I'm from, we thugged out Keep it real for the nigga that didn't know Keep it real for the nigga that slang dope If you got it then buss your fo'-fo' Where you from nigga? A-T-L ho  [Hook] - 2X Dont wanna fuck wit' us niggas (well, uh-huh) We click-click on a nigga (well, uh-huh) We ain't scared of you nigga (well, uh-huh) You just a bitch, my nigga (c'mon)  [Hook: Lil Jon] Bend ova, make your knees touch your elbows Bend ova, make your knees touch your elbows Bend ova, make your knees touch your elbows Bend ova, make your knees touch your elbows  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] How fast can you shake it? Put it on a nigga 'til his ass can't take it How fast can you shake it? Put it on a nigga 'til his ass can't take it How fast can you shake it? Put it on a nigga 'til his ass can't take it Bend ova, make your knees touch your elbows Stop playing girl, shake that shit Stop playing girl, shake that shit Wiggle that ass make it shake like Jello-o Wiggle that ass make it shake like Jello-o Wiggle that ass make it shake like Jello-o Wiggle that ass make it shake like Jello-o Wiggle that, Wiggle that, Wiggle that Wiggle that, Wiggle that, Wiggle that Wiggle that ass make it shake like Jello-o Bend ova, make your knees touch your elbows Bend ova, make your knees touch your elbows  [Verse 2: Tyga] Head baby on the fly ain't shit really I get pussy so wet that's a free willy Pussy on the pedestal watch 'em pop a wheelie Pop, pop, pop bitch feel city With my Nicki's, Jose Cuervo, trippy She heartless 'til that dance got no engine One minute, I'mma gas in it Twenty more minutes, I'm back up in it Daddy take you Mrs. T-raw Take shots, I don't miss, get faded up in it A million, get illin' richest nigga in the building Fuck it, I'mma buy the whole building Hundred business, Hundred business back in it Hundred business, Hundred business back in it She the business, baby put your back in it  [Hook: Lil Jon]  [Verse 3: Lil Jon] Hands on your knees, bounce that ass like a yoga ball Hands on your knees, bounce that ass like a yoga ball Hands on your knees, bounce that ass like a yoga ball Hands on your knees, bounce that ass like a yoga ball Hands on your knees, bounce that ass like a yoga ball Hands on your knees, bounce that ass like a yoga ball Hands on your knees, bounce that ass like a yoga ball  [Hook: Lil Jon]  [Big Kap] Aiyyo check this out, supreme figga nigga Big Kap Rockin with Lil' Jon, Eastside Boyz, Chyna Whyte (Ludacris nigga) $hort Dog (Ay tell them niggas what's up though) If you scared, get the fuck out the club nigga!  [Hook - repeat 2X] Bia Bia (Get 'em up, get 'em up) Why you actin' like a - like a (Push 'em off, push 'em off) Bia Bia (Get 'em up, get 'em up) Why you fussin' like a - like a (Push 'em off, push 'em off) Bia Bia (Get 'em up, get 'em up) Why you lookin' like a - like a (Push 'em off, push 'em off) Bia Bia (Get 'me up, get 'em up) Why you frontin' like a - like a (Push 'em off, push 'em off)  [Lil' Jon] Well get 'em up (Get 'em up) Put 'em up (Put 'em up) Stop actin' like a bitch and get yo hands up Well get 'em up (Get 'em up) Put 'em up (Put 'em up) Stop actin' like a bitch and get yo hands up Well where you from nigga (Where you from) Where you from nigga (Where you from) God dammit motherfucker where you from (Where you from) Well where you from nigga (Where you from) Where you from nigga (Where you from) God dammit motherfucker where you from (Where you from) Well represent yo shit - represent yo shit Say fuck that clique - say fuck that clique Represent yo shit - represent yo shit Say fuck that clique - say fuck that clique Well you scared (You scared) - You scared (You scared) Stop actin' like a bitch you scared (You scared) You scared (You scared) - You scared (You scared) Stop actin' like a bitch you scared (You scared)  [Hook]  [Chyna Whyte] Chyna Whyte don't suck no dicks or lick no nuts Bitch I hit licks and flip bricks Every two hours switch whips to keep the peoples off me What you know about that No-Doz and coffee No sleep, I'm lookin' 40 With three bricks in a 740 Bitch I ain't got time to party I'm breakin' bread with Dominican niggas Over a hot Bennigan's dinner Thinkin' how I'mma cop the 6 at the beginnin' of winter Chrome it out and then fit it with timber, that's wood grain What you ain't know, this a hood thang All my thugs let ya wood swang Bitches make ya ass clap I'm takin' all y'all ASCAP and BMI Catch me drivin' DUI Look cause I don't give a fuck nigga I'm livin to die Who on this track fuckin with me, y'all is willin' to try Chyna Whyte the thug bitch with no feelings inside, motherfucker  [Hook]  [Ludacris] Well pour out the Henn and Coke and fire up that dro' It's Ludacris off Old National and Godby Road The block is sold, "CLEAR!" then I shocked the globe I clock the hoes, lock do's and drop the 'bows I rock the shows; pop lock and knock yo nose You Bia' Bia', I grab my .44 and mop the flo' I +Mop & Glo'+; the Feds tryin to stop my dough They claim they caught me at the docks with a flock of snow I bring the pain - cock back and swing the thang Yo' girl mad cause she told me don't even bring the thang And then I told her - I said it's cool, get at me And then my voice got raaaassspy Cause I was smokin' on some Cali and my eyes were dazed I was in the zone, coulda thrown up them tre's And if you lost, Lil' Jon's got some Eastside ways So stop actin' like a Bia if yo ass ain't blaze  [Hook]  [Too $hort] Bitch niggas in the house tell me what's up A nigga slapped you in the mouth and told you shut up Somebody holler get 'em and now you just a victim Shorty tried to stick 'em, told the pit bull to sick 'em I know he wanna run but he can't he assed out Punched him in his chin and then he passed out Woke up with his pockets turned inside-out Always hit them weak motherfuckaz right in they mouth You better stay out the way and act like you ain't havin' shit Cause niggas will run up in yo ass like you a nasty bitch You little bitch, that's what the callin' you You'd be a damn fool to act like you ballin' dude Mindin' yo business, they grabbed you by yo collar You feel like Marvin Gaye cause they make you wanna holler But since you can't run, you might as well fight Quit actin' like a bitch and live a real life You just a - "Bia' Bia'!"  [Hook x2] Bia Bia, why ya actin' like a - like a Bia Bia, why ya fussin' like a - like a Bia Bia, why ya lookin' like a - like a Bia Bia, why ya frontin' like a - like a  [Lil' Jon] Well get cho' hands up, get cho' hands up Got damn it motherfucker, get cho' hands up Well get cho' hands up, get cho' hands up Got damn it motherfucker, get cho' hands up Well throw yo click up, throw yo click up Got damn it motherfucker, throw yo click up Throw yo click up, throw yo click up Got damn it motherfucker, throw yo click up Well what chu' lookin' at nigga, what chu' lookin' at nigga What chu' lookin' at nigga, what chu' lookin' at nigga What chu' lookin' at nigga, what chu' lookin' at nigga What chu' lookin' at nigga, what chu' lookin' at nigga Now what chu' wanna do, what chu' wanna do Got damn it, fuck nigga what chu' wanna do What chu' wanna do (You scared), what chu' wanna do (You scared) Well nigga fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you  [Hook x2]  [Too $hort] Well pour me some Bombay and fire up that bomb It's about time somebody checked you, you bitch ass punk I heard you slapped ya woman cause she told ya the truth Real niggas, bring out the ho in you Us pimp niggas get a foul ho, we chin check her All you do is play the role nigga, you just an actor Won't let a bitch breathe, if she wanted with your's You just a weak motherfucker, so insecure How come she can't leave home without gettin' cussed out Every time you get mad, you say get the fuck out But I told her, I said it's cool, get at me Come by the house and get nasty I spit the real game I rolled her in my Caddy when she yelled my name I told her call me daddy Trick nigga if you tell me you's a playa, you's a lie Cause you'll never be like Willie Dynamite and Super-Fly You just a...  [Hook x2]  [Chyna Whyte] Bump, bump, bump, bump lettin' off shots Double Glock, Glock, ch-ch, nigga pop pop It don't stop in that Dirty South Burn up the whole block, that's what this here we bout Niggas livin lawless, niggas labeled hardest Gonna see who's life is shortest Regardless this whole world to me is garbage Tryin' to reap my harvest I'm starvin' less than a life of ballin' Yet still tryin' to find my callin' And make a change, look into my eyes all you see is pain Look up in the sky all I see is rain, ain't no sunshine Call me a monkey, but look I got King Nine bloodlines With P-9's and semi-autos, ain't guaranteed tomorrow Name all I borrow I represent the slums, ate the crumbs Now I'm reachin' for a new height Nothin' but love and we grew tight Played and renew sight Hustlin' for food tight Who the dopest on the planet BITCH, Chyna Whyte  [Hook]  [Verse 1:] I go on and on Can't understand how I last so long I must have super powers Rap 225 thousand hours Get it calculated do the math I made 1,000 songs that made you move your ass And for the last 300 months I made 16 albums with me on the front and they bump Where you get your beats? I heard 93 rappers say bitch like me 2 singers and 10 comedians And I'm still gon' yell it every time you see me in What's my favorite word? BITCH! Why they gotta say it like $hort? BITCH! You know they can't play on my court Can't hang with the big dogs Stay on the porch  [Hook: 4x] Blow the whistle  [Verse 2:] Where you get that from? Grab the mic, spit one, let me hit that blunt Pimp-C, 8-Ball, and MJG Keep spittin' that P to the I-M-P Bun-B that's Texas baby Ball and G that's Memphis baby $hort Dog that's Oakland baby Ain't nothin' but pimpin' these days G My nigga C got locked up But these real hoes still know they gots to fuck Give a fuck nigga what you say $hort Dog fuck with UGK Do you really wanna be like me? Spit game like Snoop and TIP Pretty girls in the VIP They came with Dre... they don't need ID  [Hook: 4x]  [Verse 3:] Your mind is gone Your brain is blazed You've been wide awake for the last 3 days Poppin' pills It goes down for real Don't stop, just keep rollin' down hill Crash and burn, can't stand, fall back Your're doin' too much you can't handle all that Man it's been way too long Time to let the whole world play your songs Like me my shit gets around Leave the country come back and hit The Town I'm in Miami, New York, and ATL Houston and LA ask Dave Chappelle, about my rich bitch He got her from me And made 50 million dollars I'm proud of you D But I'm crazy you don't wanna be like me I come from East Oakland where the yougstas get Hyphy Blow it!  [Hook: 3x]  BIACTH!  [Outro:] Too $hort Up all Night baby Album number 16 Y'all can't fuck wit that  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Baby work it out, baby baby work it out (Hey!) Pequeno Juan (Yeah!) Oh you killed it on this one dog You see a girl that can shake tell her just like this  [Kaine: Ying Yang Twins] Jigga jigga call that girl bojangles Jigga jigga call that girl bojangles Jigga jigga call that girl bojangles  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] The following is not a test DJ! Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ! Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ!  [Lil' Jon] Yeaaah! [Pitbull] Pit', Lil' Jon and the Twins boy We back one mo' again, back one mo' again We gon' show you how to do do do it Cause we don't skeet, skeet skeet skeet to it Baby just move, I wanna take you to the champagne room And do the bang bang boom Mami no hay igual pitbull es un animal Dame la cabeza que yo te voy a bautizar Beep beep, freek freek skeet skeet Call your girls over they can't have front row seats To the world dance I'mma make this womens nervous around their girlfriends I like to...  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it I like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it We like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it They like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it DJ!  Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ! Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ!  [Kaine: Ying Yang Twins] Fine, bitch, swoll, juicy Jiga jiga jiga jiga, "Ms. New Booty" Hop to the light wanna fuck like to do it Project hoes to the first to be recruited Pole gotta bout it, bitch betta us it Make that ass to the floor to the mothafuckin' brewsit Hoes make the money to the mothefuckin' music Ying Yang gon' big better bitch choose it You got that young tipper, you can't cross that You pay for the pussy, you can toss that Jiga jiga jiga Jiga jiga jiga Got that nigga in the club just lookin' at  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it I like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it We like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it They like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it DJ!  Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ! Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ!  [Lil' Jon] Break it down!  [D-Roc: Ying Yang Twins] And the girls show 'em love to the thug Jiga jiga jiga jiga Call that "Girls'R'Us", like "Toys'R'Us" They're my toy And I go to the strip club to play wit my toys Drop! Bring it back club then... Drop! Put ya humps bring it back to the right (yea) Shake that ass like a tambourine Work that ass round and round like a wash machine Get low, low low Don't stop to your booty hit the floor, so Bring it back up and do it (do it) Shake that big ol' booty! (booty!)  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it I like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it We like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it They like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it DJ!  Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ! Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ!  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Baby work it out Baby Baby work it out (work it out) Baby work it out Baby Baby work it out (work it out) Baby work it out Baby Baby work it out (work it out) If you see a girl that can shake tell her just like this Baby take it down Baby Baby take it down (take it down) Baby take it down Baby Baby take it down (take it down) Baby take it down Baby Baby take it down (take it down) If you see a girl that can shake tell her just like this Baby turn around Baby Baby turn around (turn around) Baby turn around Baby Baby turn around (turn around) Baby turn around Baby Baby turn around (turn around) Girl you know what I like to do, I like ta  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it We like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it They like that (Uh) Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it DJ! Lick it Lick it Lick it Lick it The what (Uh)  Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) Bring it bring it back Bring it bring it bring it back (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ! Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) Traemelo p'atras, trae traemelo p'atras (Hey!) The following is not a test, DJ!  [Pitbull] Tremenda formida Tremendo information Tremendo party pa' que le chepa If you don't know her name it's cool call her this Jigga jigga call that girl bojangles Jigga jigga call that girl bojangles Jigga jigga call that girl bojangles  [Intro: E-40] Show them how to break they ankles, mayne Yeah, E-40 and Shawty Lo  [Hook: Shawty Lo] Hey, let's go From the West Coast to Atlanta If a nigga gonna hate, well, got damn 'em Hey! Gonna break ya ankles Hit the dance floor Gonna break ya ankles Go stupid, get retarded (Dumb, dumb) Wake the game up, them boys made it (Dumb, dumb) Hey, gonna break ya ankles We be the shit yaddamean Gonna break ya ankles  [Verse 1: E-40] This a boy, this thang slap I brought the whole hood with me, brought the whole trap Mama, this your song, you know the lyrics Gonna break ya ankles, yeah, that's the spirit Go nutty, go bananas, go berserk Show them how to do it, let me see your foot work We runnin' up a tab, havin' money so we spend it Bottles everywhere, celebrating like we won the pennant You recognize the fixture, you see the brightling watch You get the big picture, you know that I'm a boss (I'mma show up, I'mma show out From the West Coast to the Dirty South)  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Shawty Lo] Fresh off tour, I brought a mil with me Now the whole club gonna have to deal with me Like Three 6, tear the club up Like Pac-Man, cause I don't give a fuck I'm throwing big bucks, cash everywhere Shawty over here, 40 over there You know the broads out cause the stars out You see the parking lot, we brought the cars out We going stupid, get retarded And we ain't playin' with 'em, we came to party I brought a lot of dough, I'm steadin' throwin' singles So hit the dance floor, so gon break ya ankles  [Hook]  [Verse 3: E-40] Do it like this, do it like that Do it like this, then you do it like that Break it on down, show 'em how to clown Mean mug with it, let me see you rep your town All street money, bonafide trapper Never seen a check, ballin' like a rapper 80 on the arm, a hunnit on my neck Shoe game sick, in the Bay we call it wet More jewelry than the court room, glowin' like the moon More jewelry than the court room, I'mma tycoon Designer everything, throw it in the bag I don't know how much it costs, I don't look at price tags  [Hook]  Inside beotch Yeah you know about that, real players The real ones  [Verse One] I burn rubber on you quick as hell You need some toilet paper, don't shit on yourself When you see me rollin in luxury I won't fuck witchu, so don't fuck with me I'm just ridin, sidin, whippin and dippin I look at all the young hoes trippin It's no big deal when little hotties get hot When niggas get jealous, somebody get shot You in love? Might make you lose your mind That's why I run these gray girls, two at a time With no discretion, to me you're so depressin Actin like you don't know, my profession I look at them thighs, and look at them titties Take your ass straight on out, of Sin City Wearin all pink just like Hello Kitty Bringin back all C-notes and no fifties  {*scratched: "so damn.." "..fresh", "word"*}  [Verse Two] Burnin rubber on these bitches, so fast.. Burn rubber as you smash all fast Tell it like $hort, no ass, no pass All you Santa Claus players, be on your way With a bag full of toys on the back of your sleigh You hit your girls house, one by one Climb down the chimney, and give 'em all somethin You trick, don't come around me frontin Talkin 'bout how you pimpin givin hoes what they wantin You worse than a studio gangsta Behind closed doors, gettin his bootyhole spanked up You suckers disrespect the game All these video hoes out there spittin your name You love it when they make that, ass clap But she don't give me no cash, I'll pass it back ... I kick her where she stash the crack In the plastic sack, when she crash the 'llac Punk bitch!  {*scratched: "so damn.." "..fresh", "word"*}  [Verse Three] They tryin to give the rap game to some real punks It's just like when disco, killed the funk Can't tell me nothin, when I know I'm right Like a bowlegged bitch with a overbite, that suck it right Player this pimp don't lie How many porn stars you know that went to Crenshaw High? A lot of fuckin for a whole lot of nuttin You just wannabe noticed so you're out there sluttin I never really cared about popular fame It's all about sittin on top of the game So don't stop 'til your panties drop Fuck the mayor, the preacher, and a cop You better tell him what it cost, get his mind on track Cause he look like he lost Bring him back, and dig in his pockets quick Steal his watch, and make sure he got a drop, beotch  {*scratched: "so damn.." "..fresh", "word"*}  [Too $hort] Put the pedal to the metal, go Let's ride this motherfucker Let's go! The fuck up outta here  .. Man I kill a car When I take off I peel out hard I drive like a maniac Keep the radio loud, and way in the back These two hookers - feel the woofers Don't worry, the cops won't book her And you ain't gotta tip her She's a call girl, she ain't no stripper .. She's a dime Stayin with me all the time I'ma dip, pimp Stop at the light and make the whip spin Then step on the gas, step on the brake Step on the gas, step on the brake Show 'em how we ride Town niggas gon' side  Put the pedal to the metal - GO! Let's ride - GO! GO! Beotch..  It goes down nightly The town is so hyphy Everyday it's on When the sun goes down 'til the break of dawn And when it's 'bout to start Put the car in park But don't pull to the side Go dumb right next to your ride It's more than a dance, it's a movement You can tell cause the town be movin You wanna know if it's worth it right They do it all day but it's worse at night We so hard when we swervin cars We serve them hogs when we work them broads So many pimps we'll turn ya mother Put her in the front seat and start burnin rubber  GO! Put the pedal to the metal - GO! Let's ride - GO! Yeah, GO! Burn rubber  I drive like the movie, serious But this ain't "Fast and the Furious" It's what I'm goin through Thick traffic, I'm on the morning news Fast women, liquor and music Wearin out tires, quicker than shoes bitch Fast cars and the best of smoke Pass that weed I don't mess with coke .. But I fuck with Hope She works for the service so I won't go broke Now watch me serve it The cops see me swervin I did two donuts That's when the OPD rolled up But I ain't no joke Got the pedal to the metal and I can't go slow  GO! I got the pedal to the metal - GO! I'm burnin rubber - GO! I'm yellin out BEOTCH - GO! Let's ride  [Styles P] + (Akon) What up John (testing 1-2-3) What up 'Kon Hah (ay) Let's go (Konvict Music.. can you believe it?)  [Styles P] + (Akon) Fresh white tee, fresh car wash Summertime hood niggas look like stars Jewelry drip, fresh white Airs Mami shake it up, keep your ass right there (Ohhh can you believe it?) My man got liquor and my cup's right here I can smell smoke pass the dutch right here Nigga pass that, Capri pants With the waist cut off, I wanna smash that (Ohhh can you believe it?) Party and pack, minglin baby Knockin LL shit, you "Jinglin' Baby?" Back your ass up or I'mma start tinglin baby We can have more fun than Ringaling baby (Ohhh can you believe it?) P hit the club with a dutch and a dub with it Nigga don't cuff it if you ain't in love with it Matter fact let your grub get it Please don't hate cause at least you can say you was with it  [Hook: Akon] Can you believe it? I take a little a break and get off the streets Clear my mind from the shit I see In a world full of smoke, contact from the weed That's when it really dawned on me That I'mma be here for life, ain't never gon' leave The ghetto's all that I know It's just another day in the hood my nigga Layin back trying get this dough Yellin out ohhh-ohhhh All up in the club and you know how we roll Squad deep like ohhh-ohhhh Bad little bitches with they booty on swoll I'm tryin to peep like ohhh-ohhhh Know yo' ass feel it cause it's outta control Let me hear you say ohhh-ohhhh Let me hear you say ohhhhh-ohhhh; can you believe It?  [Styles P] Big-ass truck, brand new rims Tanktop Yankee, tanned out Timbs Bracelet, chain, fronts popped in New tattoos, new black shoes (Hey, can you believe it?) Gucci, Urbes, we do that too Wanna feel the breeze get a new black Coupe Nigga drop the top, come through the hood Put a hundred on your three or your foul line shot (Ohhh can you believe it?) Linen outfits, all on the bus Cause none of us can see a summer without trips Mad hot so the little boys might bother you But they all act good if the hood bother you  [Hook]  [Styles P] Basketball tournaments, pitbull pups Ladies in the club pourin Crist' in cups Niggas in the jail callin home on the phone (cause they "Locked Up") But you still tryin to act like ain't shit rough Mad cyphers in the park, mad fights in the park Niggas talk how they run every night from the NARC's Outside from the light to the dark, then the dark to the light I wanna smoke but I could search for my life  [Akon] Can you believe it? I done spent ten again Wtching her bend again, dancin for many men Tell me have ever thought of gettin in In a room full of Konvicts and D-Block militants They'll show you the time of your life You can occupy my passenger side Introduce you to the street life Watch you fall in love after just one night Ohhh-ohhhh All up in the club and you know how we roll Squad deep like ohhh-ohhhh Bad little bitches with they booty on swoll I'm tryin to peep like ohhh-ohhhh Know yo' ass feel it cause it's outta control Let me hear you say ohhh-ohhhh Let me hear you say ohhhhh-ohhhh; can you believe It?  [Styles P] + (Akon) Can you believe it? (Can you believe it?) (Can you believe it?) Lil' Jon, Akon, S.P. the Ghost Feel what we tryin to do (Can you believe it?) Can you believe it, hahahaha~! (Can you believe it?) (Can you believe it?) {*echoes*}  [Intro: Lil' Jon] Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Lets go (Let's go) Right about now, we need all the ladies to hit the danceflo' (Dominicana) If you got a big ol' booty (Mexicana) And you like to set that motherfucker, let's go! Pitbull, Lil' Jon, Heey, Heey!  [Hook] Ahora que si Esa hevita esta enterita tiene tremendo... CULO! Esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo... CULO! Que rica chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo... CULO! Hazme el favor y meneate chica tienes tremendo... CULO!  [Verse 1] Pull up to the club, walk in then I pull up to the bar Get drinks then I pull up to a broad Let her know what it is, how it is, why it is, what it is, (Hey hey hey hey) I ain't got time for no games I'm hopin' mami that you feel the same I got what you need to feel the pain Here's my number call me when you're up for an even exchange Feel me, let me see you do that dirty dance, dirty dance Mami feel me, let me see you touch your toes Or shake that thing and talk wit' your ass, feel me All my chicos, all my Jamaicans (Put your hands up) all my haitians Cause they know I'mma rep' 'til the day that they kill me... Pull up!  [Hook] Ahora que si Esa hevita esta enterita tiene tremendo... CULO! Esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo... CULO! Que rica chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo... CULO! Hasme el favor y meneate chica tienes tremendo... CULO!  [Verse 2] Mami got the ass and thighs like Trina and J. Lo Multiply it she's off the chain, off the glass, off the flip And with a couple more drinks I'll be off the hip maaayn I'll be wearin' her out And when I'm finished paramedics gon' be carryin' her out maaayn... (That's right) The night is young, and if you shave I'll give you some of this mighty toungue heey.. Be easy, go ahead please me, talk to me sleezy baby (Yeah) I wanna freak, a monster in bed, last thing I need is a lady  [Hook] Ahora que si Esa hevita esta enterita tiene tremendo... CULO! Esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo... CULO! Que rica chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo... CULO! Hasme el favor y meneate chica tienes tremendo... CULO!  [Outro: Lil' Jon] Culo, hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit hey Hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit hey Hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit hey Hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit hey  [Hook] Ahora que si Esa hevita esta enterita tiene tremendo... CULO! Esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo... CULO! Que rica chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo... CULO! Hasme el favor y meneate chica tienes tremendo... CULO!  [Hook 3x] The blow, the pills, the yak, the herb The blow, the pills, the yak, the herb The blow, the blow, the blow, the blow  [Lil Jo] The dro, the 'purp, the 'r'nge (orange), get gush The bad, no haps, no where to keep it hashed A joint or two will do you niggas smoke a blunt of this If you wanna smoke with me, don't bring no bullshit The blue dumpin', white spinners The green nickles, that red Superman Them peach for the five, that white for less Will have them hoes hotter than a box of stolen checks The snow, the white in Miami get crunk When I see 'em in the club, they sniffin' up that stuff Give you one G of white Give me two G of white Give me three G of white A eight ball for the night When you wanna get cha lean on it's nothing but that yellow Or theat 'purp down in Texas, them niggas got whatever One bottle of that moo, galla-gallon of that Henny Mix it with that crunk juice will have a nigga spinnin Like that  [Hook] 2x The blow, the pills, the yak, the herb The blow, the pills, the yak, the herb The blow, the pills, the yak, the herb The blow, the blow, the blow, the blow  [Gangsta Boo] I got the weed for the low Them pills for the low That blow for the low Young nigga yeen know When I ride I roll high Man and I ain't tellin' no lie When that shit get in my brain I grip the grain and fly by Say dog you got that good up in the hood we call it mid Grade another thing we do some call it blow, some call it cocaine Fuck, hell nah nigga I been on that lean Bouncin' front to back watch me change the lane Niggas be constantly talkin' that shit That shit that I gezzit you bitches can't get The Memphis, The A, the North, the South Is on the grind, we will not quit The under-underground rap smoke out full of green Fuck what you heard bitch Yeah I'm back up on the scene If you wanna get high you should fuck with Gangsta Boo I be turnin niggas out watch how quick I turn you Into a smoked out, loced out, freaky motherfucka On that Ex'd out, passed out While I put another on the  [Hook]2x  [Lil Bo] I been gettin in that work I got pounds of that work I'm a pimp bitch, fuck you Pull up ya own skirt We don't give a fuck 26's on the truck We gon' tear this bitch up I got Ex, I got weed I got any thing you need When you see me in the streets, just holla at me Bitch swollw at me This ya boy Lil Bo from the E-S-P  [Big Sam] See nigga I smoke everyday, from the lightest of haze I got the shit I pull up with cha mind off in a daze I don't fuck with the blow See I fuck with some hoes That be freaky grabbin' they on Ex outta control I remember back in the day Regals, 8's & Vouges When nigga was riddin the city reappin get to that door Before the Feds hit the town & Try to shut Atlanta down Nigga was slangin' nickles & dimes Quarter keys & pounds of  [Hook]2x  [Verse 1 - Sean Paul] They calling me to come back to the streets Sean P., aka "A Sharp Crease" Said it was necessary, these sucka niggas out here very scary They come from the hole they living in the month of February OK then, put a sissy nigga on display then Kick in your door and have my folks bring them K's in I'm still Attic A-double T-I-C It ain't a ho out there, for real, who don't know bout me Bitch I'm fo sho with it Don't make me pop that trunk to the 'Lac Bitch I will go get it And I ain't selfish, I will let you and your ho feel it Won't catch me sipping on no Cris and got a cold belly It's Youngbloodz A-Town malt liquor sipping Coming straight from the gutter Toe-tag a motherfucker, leave em under a cover Lil John he drop the beat that make you bounce like rubber Sean Paul he tote the heat to make you mug then slug ya, yeah  [Hook: Lil Jon] If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck Don't start no shit, it won't be no shit  [Verse 2 -J-Bo] I post up get to it, drink hand in hand They call me Mr. Herringbone cause that's my right hand man Old-school straight foolish like no other indeed With Lil John, it's Youngbloodz, they crunk as can be Attic Crew 105 that's if you looking to rumble Cock back bust aim now I done got your number In the club you gone feel it when it drop this summer Like rain we gone pour and hit you hard like thunder Cause in the Dirty we them boys that drank you under the table Where them niggas pimp hoes in fly suits and gators In my Chevy so super I'm the one to call Just dial 1-800-430 slash ALCOHOL And dawg I'm not the one that you really just wanna clown I'm cool in my way, but shit still I shut 'em down And piss on them haters J-Bo he cuts a fool In the cut bout slizzard somewhere that's how we do  [Hook]  [Verse 3 - Sean Paul] Out of town hard heads get swiss cheesed up And you gonna need more than stitches to patch that leak up Chump like me up my mouth TB'd up With the plush leather guts steady gripping the butt Oh you fo sho with it, then pull your pistol Show a nigga you ain't ho with it And I ain't selfish I will let you and your folk feel it Talking big-boy shit Mean-muggin' like a motherfucker, my hand on my dick  [J-Bo] Cause at a grip we keep it jumping like it ain't nothing new We started off with Shake Em Off so look partner, oh guess who? It's them boys from the bottom who took you down 85 And hit you with that U-Way so don't be surprised We buckin' blowin' chillin' and sippin' on something good I'm peepin' out the scenery and wishin' a nigga would In case it just might pop I'm 'bout ready to lock and load To take you thru the South to show you how we throw dem bows  [Intro] Youngbloodz.. come out and play {*laughs*}  {*scratches*}  [Dupri] You know we had to do a remix [Luda:] If you don't give a damn we don't give a fuck! (yeah!!)  [Dupri] + (Lil' Jon) Uh huh, So So Def (what?! what?!) To Youngbloodz (ya know?!) Uh Lil' Jon (yeah!) (Yeah! yeah!) Bonecrusher (yeah!) And my man Ludacris (let's go!) let's go!  [Verse 1 - Ludacris] Yeek yeek motherfucker going four years strong Got plenty haters really wishing I ain't last this long And please don't get it twisted I ain't Hollywood yet I just jumped in that movie to get a big ass check (that's right) So fool break yourself, that's the phrase that pays I'm bout to open my own shop AK's and Chevorlet's I just bought 20 acres and I'm still in the hood They like damn, Luva Luva doing pretty damn good (that's right) When it comes to this paper I don't slack to get it But call me lazy cause my crib's got an elevator in it That's right, it's sorry to say but it's harder to see And I don't have to hit the club I bring the party to me Cause I'm the Lord of Lords and the King of the Kings I never claim to be hard just down for my team Shawnna, 20, Chingy, Tity and Fate I grab a booty and pinch then lick a titty and shake  [Sean Paul] Now I'm back in the street working stacking my bread Put some in the hood cause I got plent to spread Bought a brand new 'Lac on some brand new feet Wit a brand new grill shining like gold teeth Still ride wit AK's, still a sweep the street But I'm a real G and I ain't got no time for beef I don't change for na nigga I'm a part of the street And live life everyday like it's a party to me But I'm fa sho wit it, if there's money to be made boy I'm a go get it Split it wit the hood again get some throw wit it Catch me swervin through your hood no we didn't did it Straight up sippin on some Henny ain't no coke in it I leave the change for the suckas Separate the hard motherfucker from all the bustas To the grinders and the hustlers so I know that you feel me Put your hood up in the air and represent for your city (yeah!!)  [Hook - Ludacris & (Lil' Jon)] {*Bone Crusher in background*} If you don't give a damn we don't give a fuck! (hey!) If you don't give a damn we don't give a fuck! (hey!) If you don't give a damn we don't give a fuck! (hey!) If you don't give a damn we don't give a fuck! (hey!) (Don't start no shit there won't be no shit!) (Don't start no shit there won't be no shit!) (Don't start no shit there won't be no shit!) (Don't start no shit there won't be no shit!)  [Verse 2 - J-Bo] Now who the hell wanna tangle my angle I'm setting off To the party no Bacardi, like Crusher, we breaks 'em off Youngbloodz and Ludacris, in which you know the name We burning through yo speakers like big balls of flames And pimpin like hurricanes, we blowing through ya town Whipin out ya system and shutting the club down Cause we - don't give a fuck, already you know the deal Like soldiers we walk soft (shh) so listen close and clear Cause we gon' act a fool and send chumps back to school Then teach them motherfuckers to never break the rules Lesson one - some pimps don't never crack the style Lesson two - respect it, been doing it for a while A-Town's our bound, we bumping down ya block Switching from lane to lane, you know it don't stop We back and still foolish and poppin like once befo So go and throw it up, my people now hit the flow (yeah!!)  [Hook]  [Verse 3 - Bone Crusher] I won the strong arm competition, in '94 For benching 600 hundred pounds, and no mo' That equal six of ya featherweights that goin to hit the flo' So if a nigga wanna buck, then a nigga need to know I'm serious with this, pardon my French but I'm the shit!! I'm six fucking seconds away from catching these bricks When it's all said and done and I engulf the sun Pathetic ass, fucking mortals, when you ho niggas learn I grind for this paper, shake a nigga down for this paper These under 'chiever niggas always hate ya So you gotta keep it mean, and lock and load on these cakers Ya'll niggas harder then my daughter on a 7 o'clock wake up Youngbloodz and Bone Crusher, fuck niggas discover Put them fight strips on ya and watch ya suffer They call me mutilator, a bitch nigga bluffer Want ya see me in the streets with all that mean mug brother, ya bitch! (yeah!!)  [Hook]  [Outro] Don't let that drank get ya FUCKED UP nigga!  [Verse 1: Jay Sean] I've been thinking about you And how we used to be Back when, it didn't have to end We can start again  [Hook: Jay Sean & Lil Jon] There's nothing left to say Don't waste another day Just you and me tonight Everything will be okay  If it's alright with you Then it's alright with me Baby let's take this time Let's make new memories  Do you remember (x3) All of the times we had Do you remember (x3) All of the times we had Let's bring it back, ohhhh (x5)  [Verse 2: Jay Sean] So long, since you've been, missing It's good to see you again How you, how ya doin' And how about me, don't let this happen again  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Sean Paul] Yo ay girl yo bring it back to the time when you and me had just begun When I was still your number one Well it might seem far-fetched baby girl but it can't be done I've got this feeling fire blazing and it's hot just like the sun Know you feel it too my girl just freeze up may the good vibes run ... Girl take a sip of the champange take a lil trip down my lane my girl While you now every night you'll feel alright look I tell you dis girl atta my world Don't change I'mma na Rearange Ay girl I'mma tell you straight dis atta my world How many years do you want come kiss dis I know you miss this That's what I heard that's what I heard that's what I heard word girl  [Hook]  [Intro/Hook: E-40 X2] Ex D-Boy used to sell that girl Now, they know my name all across the world They say Earl, EARL!! They say Earl, EARL!!  [Verse One: E-40] I'm from Vallejo, California, land of the homer Sides lost lives, politics and drama Over supersize, thump young in a hornya Watch out for that boy in the hoodie, man, he a monster Light a sucker up, fried buster like Chimichanga Somebody come scoop his ass, call a coroner I guess that's the way we bread Chemical babies mislead It's spooky out here in the Yay These goblins will get on your head These thundacat's management ain't scared to be deceased They always cover up they ears When I'm yelling and hollering out peace! They going through it, they cranky, stressed out and tense They starving, they hungry, they eating soup with chopsticks Plus, it's a shortage on purple, and it's a drought on them bricks So he'll go decide to do a kick door, and pull a few licks Some of them parents on drugs, some of them never been loved Some of them want to be thugs, some of them just need a hug  [Hook: E-40 X2]  [Verse Two: E-40] I'mma be around for a minute So get used to it, I was through with it Before most of you marshmallows knew want to do with it Pushing them zones, serving that drome Balling like I play hoop with it Never at home, always be gone Doing a show on the verse split Let it be known, I tote my chrome Refuse to get caught loose with it Looking down at my shoe with it, I'mma real baboon with it 40 over there slipping, he snoozing, he ain't wake He looking like a plate, he chipped up and draped You fuck niggas got me fucked up, nigga, I'm a shooter Think about the consequences, nigga, I got gouda And niggas with gouda will send a nigga, fuck a case Cause niggas with gouda will have your whole family erased But that ain't something I endorse, I only wore it by force I'm trying to teach the youth to be loyal and play sports Instead of in and out of court And back and forth to prison, utilize they skills And stay up out the system  [Hook: E-40 X2]  [Hook: E-40 X2] I'm from Vallejo, California The land of the homer Sides lost lives, politics and drama Sides lost lives, politics and drama Sides lost lives, politics and drama  [Outro: Ice-T] E-40 nigga, this ain't no motherfucking news to you, man This nigga been running the motherfucking Yay Running the motherfucking Bay for years now, nigga These niggas don't play, this is Vallejo, California Nigga, you heard about it Iceberg, nigga  [Bow Wow - talking] Oh, oh Uh huh, uh huh, oh Let's take a pause for a minute Let's go (*laughing*) (I) Check it out man See man, Bow Weezy right here live and direct (OH I) I'm talkin to ya'll young n's out there baby Can't wait until I turn eighteen I know it's the same for ya'll man, I know, I know (I) I'm talkin bout pullin up in them big cars on them 22's Naw forget that, I'm talkin 'bout Charlie Woodson's man I'm a pull up, I'm talkin bout 24's It's a wrap for ya'll when I turn eighteen man Haha, listen to the hook  [Hook] - w/ ad libs When I turn eighteen I need to ride on some rims that's clean And them brand new J's when I hit the scene When I turn eighteen I need a girlfriend older than me And she gonna have to be a dime if she rollin with me When I turn eighteen I pull up and stop, let my system knock They all know I'm super cool when I drop the top When I turn eighteen I get my crib up on my first day And every week we celebrate like it's my birthday When I turn eighteen Yeah  [Verse 1 - Bow Wow] I'm a be leanin and dippin, sittin on inches ridin Gettin at women they lovin my every sentence It's Weezy baby, from the truck, to the drop, to the Coupe to the high 2's See that ya'll, you gotta believe me baby The game tight and the bank right Since fame came and the bright lights You gotta release me baby, I can't be tied up Can't be handcuffed to no chick at the party when I ride up Cause I gotta mingle, I know I'm great with the lingo But check it I gotta motivate, I just gotta be single And yeah like when I see you, yeah like how you jingle And yeah said I'm a ring you but baby I can't bring you Can't wait 'til the day comes When I wake up and I'm eighteen Not a young pup but a big dog And I bark loud and I switch cars It sounds hard but it's not ya'll When I get there that's it ya'll Ninth day of the third month, it's on  [Hook]  [Verse 2 - Bow Wow] I'm up in that H2 with them wheels to match Got them big dog speakers bumpin up in the back Got that Snoop Dogg CD is what I insert Roll down my windows, sounds like a concert And on a beautiful day, I might just switch to the Rover +So Fresh So Clean+ like Outkast, a PD can't pull me over I'm +Big Pimpin+ like Jay-Z, steady "Stunnin" like Baby "I Need A Girl" like Free, mixed with some Halle Berry And a little hood which is good like Trina to be my lady Just call me Cassius Clay, baby cause I'm the greatest And can't nobody my age can ever ever fade this I'm unfadeable, I'm untouchable I'm on a mission now, I'm in transition now B-O-double-double-O-double, ya'll It's Bow Wow, I'm in the house now and I'm up outta the pound Now listen to the hook, this how it's goin down  [Hook]  [Bow Wow - talking] YEAH! (*laughing*) You know what I'm sayin? I'm speakin for all the young ones my age You know what I mean? Bein told you can't do this You can't get in here and you wanna do it This the song right here This the anthem for us right here, cause I'm one of them Always told no, you can't get in But you know what That's fittin to change man Ha, when I  [Hook] - 2X  This girl is so hot Its an emergency Lets go girl straight to the crib  Hear me click ok 911 I am looking for a chick I am gonna find me some Time has come she has got a gold medal I see you in your high heel shoes stilettos Tell me where you go mommy keep a bad chick thats right for some And I smoke tree so please dont loud me What I mean is what I said take a few high  Case your body so good run my .. so good Seen a video she is a real like  run in a fast lane she might  Clap man you can .. like .. but you got to be willing  So take a sip of this You know its real good Move your body know it feels good Turn your  I know they like that  I will be right back Emergency Emergency Emergency Emergency  We get it all so go dance I had to be in and out of her pants Shorty wanna roll with me with no man Back to the program spend it out shorty bend it out Hey yo can we get into the house Emergency are you hearing me And shorty on fire and a third degree She like me we like trees and rain on it .. she know it to keep a clean white Said I got to keep it .. like go girl you can get it if she like me We like .. we said we need id but really do you head it to the vip More money more problems .. get it how you live in the vip  Chorus So take a sip of this You know its real good Move your body know it feels good Turn your  I know they like that  I will be right back Emergency Emergency Emergency Emergency  [Intro: Lil' Jon (Lil' Scrappy)] Yeah! Yeah! (I'm just BME) Yeah! Yeah! (I'm just BME) This ya boy Lil'Jon (I'm just BME) Yeah! BME Click A lot of y'all niggas be talkin' 'bout Air Force Ones and shit (O-k-k-k) A lot of y'all niggas be talkin' 'bout Adidas and shit (O-k-k-k) But me and my niggas we rock the mothafuckin FILAs (O-k-k-k) Thats what we got on our feet (O-k-k-k) Scrappy what's up?  [Hook: Lil Scrappy (Lil Jon) 2x] Forever I love Atlanta Forever I love Atlanta (what!) Forever I love Atlanta Forever I love Atlanta (what!) Forever I love Atlanta Forever I love Atlanta (what!) Forever I love Atlanta Forever I love Atlanta (Fila nigga)  [Verse 1] I'm a Grady baby, ATL And all my life the A been so crunk as hell You don't wanna step too close or go too far Cause where I'm from, shawdy, niggas a beat you down wit they car Fila, Prada, from my head to my feet Niggas on the block with the rock they don't sleep Man, South Dekalb Mall be the crunkest shit Or you can roll through Buckhead and go fall on a bitch I'm a giant ass playa, I'll stomp on a hater I'mma pop this shit off from Zone 3 to Decatur We can gon' back down to where my grandma stay Depending on the area you better watch what you say And I don't care if you over there lookin all crazy When I get locked up man them broads they wanna save me This the home of the ass wit the biscuits in it And the Janes on the street charge mo' than a penny, A!  [Hook 2x]  [Verse 2] When it's grind time let my A shine When I'm bustin rhymes, smokin pounds My blood seepin wit Georgia Wine And niggas don't love the A like I love the A I just love the way the A smell everyday A town to yo' town yeah this how it go Smokin dro' fuckin' hoes on the city road When I stomp that bastard I left him with a bruise Got Fila on my feet so it had to be a shoe I live for the A, I die for the A I ride for the A, so fuck what you say What you know about I-20 to 285 Got a fine atlanta bitch givin head in the ride G's up, get yo cheese up, in the classroom crunk Got bidness 'bout my shit, so I stay super drunk Ridin' downtown with a shot of tequila Jon introduced me to the game, I'm hot like reefer A!  [Hook 2x]  [Verse 3] Carry the A on my back like a torture rack I'mma represent it if you scared to go handle that Drankin' on crunk, reminiscin' on crunk years It's the city of crunk where I shed my tears Throwin the peace sign up then upside down A-town off the rip hell yeah I'm proud Get crunk all day we don't sleep at night And if you fight one shawdy then we all gon' fight Don't nobody get crunk in the club like us And if security trippin on pimpin we all gon' rush Even though other niggas think they hard Ain't nan harder than Stone Mountain, I swear to God Yeah y'all love our hoes, you love our gold Martin Luther King from the A, so I love my home Westside to Scottdale we all cut hammers You can catch kids skippin in Underground Atlanta Yeah  [Hook 2x]  [Intro] Zone 3, Aye!! We finna crunkin' bitch up (BME!) Show yall what some real gangstas is at Some of yall niggas just dunno (G-Unit!)  [Hook w/ Lil Jon ad-libs] I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), 2-4-5 Gotta charga on the boost, baby girl you wann' ride? Wit a (Gangsta gangsta), Aye! Yea dat's me, tinted out ridin' durrty - comin' down ya street I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), Git triggas squeez'd up! Got fitty killas with me, Strap'd down - G's up!! Cuz I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), Yea top of the list BME motherfucker - Git cha mind right bitch!  [Verse 1] So many ways, you can spray, git hit With tha' K, anyday, ain't gon' motherfuckin' say (Aye, Aye!!) Dat you might git touched Cuz em gangsta ass niggas, they don't talk too much Come around, fuck with me, and then you might git rushed Nawh, I ain't with the yappin', but I make the gat go bust Keep fuckin' with us, we off the danger-ous Show you the meanin' of ash to ash, is just a dust If you laid back in the 'Lac I dunno If them hatas gon' handle dat Keep my motherfuckin' hand on my fuckin' gat Aye, yall motherfuckers betta git back Yea, all the young ladies call me +Get It Mayn'+ I don't know if yall lames gon' undastand You can see the phat stacks off, in my pants Tried to keep it like a lame, you ain't got a chance bwoi, cuz  [Hook w/ Lil Jon ad-libs] I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), 2-4-5 Gotta charga on the boost, baby girl you wann' ride? Wit a (Gangsta gangsta), Aye! Yea dat's me, tinted out ridin' durrty - comin' down ya street I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), Git triggas squeez'd up! Got fitty killas with me, Strap'd down - G's up!! Cuz I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), Yea top of the list Guerilla Unit motherfucker - Git cha mind right bitch!  [Verse 2] What cha lookin' at? - Yee'in hard like granite! Hardest nigga on the planet, err punch I throw landed Yee'in gon' be standin' afta me, Goddammit! Knock you off ya balance, if ya ass try to challenge Who, me?! Nawh, I ain't say I was no killa I just sayd dat I ain't no bitch nigga Yee'in think I was gon' pull it up now, did cha? Besides, dat's my lil' hommie pullin' dat trigga I hit the mall by my self, the hood by my self When I'm in L.A. I rock the Kakhi's with the belt On the Beach of Miami rock Versace with the silk I'm so gangsta - I eat the cereal without the milk And nawh I ain't actin', I'm just real like dat Make my grill look good with the 45 stack Some of yall motherfuckers ain't built like dat I got gangsta in my blood, so you can kiss my ass  [Hook w/ Lil Jon ad-libs] I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), 2-4-5 Gotta charga on the boost, baby girl you wann' ride? Wit a (Gangsta gangsta), Aye! Yea dat's me, tinted out ridin' durrty - comin' down ya street I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), Git triggas squeez'd up! Got fitty killas with me, Strap'd down - G's up!! Cuz I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), Yea top of the list BME motherfucker - Git cha mind right bitch!  [Verse 3: Lil Scrappy] Got the white walls on the Old School (Dat's gangsta!) When I whip up, all the ho's choose (Dat's gangsta!) I git money like I fuckin' posed to (Dat's gangsta!) Yea, I know I'm gangsta - but how 'bout you (Not gangsta!) All black shirt with the black out shoes Black tube socks and a matchin' hat too And my G-Unit jeans straight raw blue Cuz where I'm from bein' a playa is gangsta smooth I'm a Guerilla on it all, keep my lil' pimpin' straight on G' mode All up in the club with my pockets on swole Oh, you think I'm sweet?! - Then try me ho' Git stomped to the flo' I was born in the A, raised in the A When I did my durrt nigga, I ain't gon' say Shiit, I was gon' grow up and be a gangsta anyways Gotta couple of war wounds on the gangsta face  [Hook w/ Lil Jon ad-libs] I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), 2-4-5 Gotta charga on the boost, baby girl you wann' ride? Wit a (Gangsta gangsta), Aye! Yea dat's me, tinted out ridin' durrty - comin' down ya street I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), Git triggas squeez'd up! Got fitty killas with me, Strap'd down - G's up!! Cuz I'm a (Gangsta gangsta), Yea top of the list Guerilla Unit motherfucker - Git cha mind right bitch!  Lil Jon Yeah! Remix Remix Remix! (Whose this?) What's his name?  (Da-ddy Yan-kee)  [Pitbull] Daddy Yankee.. Boricua, cubano, boricua cubano, boricua cubano, boricua (Subele mambo pa que mi gata prenda lo motores) (Subele mambo pa que mi gata prenda lo motores) (Subele mambo pa que mi gata prenda lo motores) (Que se prepararen que lo que viene es pa que le den DURO!)  [Daddy Yankee] Mamita yo se que tu no te me va a quitar (duro!) Lo que me gusta es que tu te dejas llevar (duro!) Todos los viernes ella sale a vacilar (duro!) Mi gata no para de janguear porque (YEAH!)  [Hook: Daddy Yankee] + (Lil Jon) + [girl] A ella le gusta la gasolina (whatcha say) [Dame mas gasolina!] (hey) A ella encanta la gasolina (whatcha say) [Dame mas gasolina!] (hey) A ella le gusta la gasolina (yeah) [Dame mas gasolina!] (yeah) A ella encanta la gasolina (yeah) [Dame mas gasolina!] (Hey, hey hey..)  [Daddy Yankee] Ella prende la turvina, no discrimina No se pierde ni un party de marquesina Se acicala va pa la esquina Luce tambien que hasta la sombra le combina Asesina, me domina Janguea en carro, motora, y limosina Llena su tanque de adrenalina Cuando escucha reggaeton en la cocina  [Hook: Daddy Yankee + (Lil Jon) + [girl] + {Pitbull} A ella le gusta la gasolina (whatcha say) {Daddy Yankee} [Dame mas gasolina!] (Hey! Hey!) A ella encanta la gasolina (whatcha say) [Dame mas gasolina!] (Hey!) {Pitbull} A ella le gusta la gasolina (yeah) {boricua, cubano} [Dame mas gasolina!] (Yeah!) {boricua, cubano} A ella le encanta la gasolina (yeah) [Dame mas gasolina!] Pitbull!  [Pitbull] A ella le gusta la gasolina Mami yo tengo la gasolina Dale pa' bajo y ahora pa' arriba Tu no pegas tarro?? no me digas Mentirosa, tu sabes mas que nadie que tu eres loca Ahora baila y quitate la ropa (yeah!) De Puerto Rico a Cuba Cuba hasta la Yuma, todas las mujeres Don't stop get it get it Sucia, yo tengo esa gasolina que te gusta Olvidate de tu marido y disfruta Deja la intriga, baila amiga Tu yo y ella, tremenda pareja (yeah..) Deja, los juegos pa' los ninos de la escuela Si los tienes acapella enseamelos no tenga pena mira I'mma tell you one more time: Yo te doy la gasolina!  [Hook: Daddy Yankee] + (Lil Jon) + [girl] A ella le gusta la gasolina (skeet skeet skeet) [Dame mas gasolina] (skeet skeet skeet) [A ella le encanta la gasolina (skeet skeet skeet) Dame mas gasolina!] (Let's go!) A ella le gusta la gasolina (whatcha say) [Dame mas gasolina!] (Hey! Hey!) A ella le encanta la gasolina (whatcha say) [Dame mas gasolina!]  [Daddy Yankee] (YO!) Aqui yo soy de los mejores No te me ajores En la pista nos llaman lo matadores Tu haces que cualquiera se enamore Cuando bailas al ritmo de los tambores Esto va pa' las gatas de to' colores Para la mayores, pa' la menores Para la que son mas zorras que los casadores Pa' la mujeres que no apagan su motores  [N.O.R.E.] Whose this? (PAPI! N.O.R.E.!) San Juan, Fajardo, bayamon ponce Tu carolina, mami mira Ven mami, ven mami toma gasolina You see I'm puerto, hey yo you oro I know you like my stomach, you can both call me gordo Bacalao arroz con pollo, that's what I eat hu! Mami, I'm with Daddy Yankee So ven aqui (Hey! Hey!) She love the way I do it (que que) And flowing on that car do it They call me papi chulo Tell me N.O.R.E. dame duro Ven mami vamonos, dale dale culo Ven chula, pure no basura This is history we makin' with Daddy Yankee and N.O.R.E Name another rapper messing with Reggaeton before me Caliente, suavemente, tranquilo, vendito Toma tu gasolina!  [Bridge] + (Daddy Yankee) Tenemo tu y yo algo pendiente Tu me debe algo y lo sabes Conmigo ella se pierdeee No le rindes cuentas a nadieee Tenemo tu y yo algo pendiente Tu me debe algo y lo sabes Conmigo ella se pierdeee No le rindes cuentas a nadieee (yeah!)  [Daddy Yankee] + (Lil Jon) Subele mambo pa' que mi gata prenda lo motores (skeet skeet skeet) Subele mambo pa' que mi gata prenda lo motores (skeet skeet skeet) Subele mambo pa' que mi gata prenda lo motores (skeet skeet skeet) Que se prepararen que lo que viene es pa que le den (DURO!)  Mamita yo se que tu no te me va a quitar (duro!) Lo que me gusta es que tu te dejas llevar (duro!) Todos los viernes ella sale a vacilar (duro!) Mi gata no para de janguear porque (Whatcha say?)  [Hook: Daddy Yankee] + (Lil' Jon) + [girl] A ella le gusta la gasolina (hey) [Dame mas gasolina!] (whatcha say) A ella le encanta la gasolina (hey)(hey) [Dame mas gasolina!] (yeah!) A ella le gusta la gasolina (whatcha say) [Dame mas gasolina!] (hey)(hey) A ella le encanta la gasolina (whatcha say) [Dame mas gasolina!] (hey, hey, hey..)  [Lil Jon] Yeah yeah  [Akon - Intro] (DJ Felli Fel) {Lil Jon} CHEA! It's that incredible shit (Talk to 'em) There's too many beautiful ladies in the house tonight, Felli... {HEY!!} I think we need to hit 'em off with somethin proper somethin... (Okay...WHOO!)  [Diddy] They call me Diddy!  (DJ Felli Fel)  [Akon] Testing one, two, three!  [Diddy] Testin one, two, three Check this out, listen to me Listen...  It's tricky, I'm picky baby, but I just spotted you Doin your thang, G-string, shoe-string point of view HEY - lend me ya body, you got me in a zone (c'mon) Bet a million and a half cash, I can make you explode (OWW!!) You don't wanna brave the cold, you want a day of Combs I can take you on outer limits away from home (Where your bills pile?) I'm whylin fo' sho In a middle of the club doin a rodeo show (hey) The hoes seem steamy, wet dreamy Invisible sets gleamy; (incredible sex) you need me Ease me, please me baby I may be am a little crazy, but in a way that they playa-pay me  [Hook: Akon] (DJ Felli Fel) Don't make me get BUCK IN HERE!!!!! Shorty drop it to the ground like she ain't got manners Too much booty for one man to handle When all I need is a one-night scandal And I'mma get BUCK IN HERE!!!!!! DAMN, lil' mama, know you fit my standards You're the type that make me grip that handle Lick shots in the air, bustin that random While you make it clap-clap-clap-clap-clap (You gotta shake that thang, shake that thang) While you make it clap-clap-clap-clap-clap (Just shake that thang, shake that thang)  [Ludacris] Okay...LUDA..let's go! She can make it clap like a standin ovation! Spin like my record at your radio station Feel the sen-sation, I put it right there They be like, "LUDA!!", I be like "He-yeaaaaah!!" You like it like that, (WOO!) don't cha baby? (yeah) The flow's insane, and the stroke is crazy (okay) I stroke so good like Tiger Woods Then I, ROWRR!!, like a tiger would My livelihood is not Hollywood I'm still Southside Atlanta, that's a lively hood A circus, +Big Top+ like Ringling Brothers If you wanna learn somethin, (what?) bring your mother! (hey!) Sit back and observe, invite your friends We can mix it all up, like juice and gin Felli on the celly with a couple of twins Cause tonight, damn RIGHT! We gon' do it again  [Hook]  [Diddy] Aiyyo...aiyyo Felli, brotha let me hit this one more time Listen, women lace 'em, G4 jet flyin Twist 'em crooked, cell phone number's private (c'mon) Flip 'em, change 'em, prissy I'm bougie, the hood Game 'em, taste 'em, trizzies I run 'em, I'm good (OW!!) Leather or, silk, I melt them all (talk to e'm) Love 'em, leave 'em, give 'em hell fo' sure (don't stop) Tell 'em words they mind and soul deserve (don't stop) Or, give 'em, things the might prefer (keep it goin) San Tropez or Mandarin sweet massage 'em (keep it goin) Pimp, game 'em, grants and Benz I charge 'em Used to style 'em, now I just Virgin Isle 'em (talk to 'em) Karma Sutra, freaky and leavin 'em smilin  [Hook]  [Lil' Jon - as music stops] Hold up, bust that shit! Fuck that shit! (Yo-yo-yo-yo) It's yo' boy Lil' Jon! (YEAH!) Time to TAKE THIS MOTHERFUCKER TO ANOTHER LEVELLLLLL!!! (Let's GO!!) Hahaha! Y'all ain't ready...  [Beat change to crunk-style]  Get yo' motherfuckin hands up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) A-get yo' motherfuckin hands up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) A-throw yo' motherfuckin drinks up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) A-throw yo' motherfuckin drinks up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) NOW GET BUCK IN THIS BITCH! BUCK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) BUCK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) BUCK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) CRUNK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) CRUNK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) CRUNK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) CRUNK IN THIS BITCH! HEEEEEEY!!! (Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey)  [Diddy] Aiyyo Felli, you a fool for that one, man A-HA!!  [Intro] What's happening? I'm back, bitch! It's your boy Lil Jon, hey! BME Click Let's get this motherfucker CRUNK! WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? (Let's go!)  [Hook] If I said it mo'fucker, then I goddamn mean it Said it mo'fucker, then I goddamn mean it Get In, Get Out (Get In, Get Out) [x2] If I rep it mo'fucker, then I goddamn show it Rep it mo'fucker, then I goddamn show it Get In, Get Out (Get In, Get Out) [x2] BITCH!  [Verse 1] Put your middle fingers up Point it at the pussy niggas in the club Fuckers, fake ass thugs Nigga, you SUCK! You ain't hatin' on shit Your bitch suck err'body dick Tryna be hard We'll take your chain and your car! Nigga, fuck your hood! Y'all niggas don't really wanna do it Ha, I'm strapped up, BITCH And so is goddamn every nigga in my clique Goddammit I'm blown Drunk fucked up, to my liquor to my dome Go ham or go home We gon crank this bitch, I'm in the goddamn zone!  [Hook]  [Verse 2] Now where my mo'fuckin' ladies at? Tell them lame hoes, "yeah we can take it there" Ha, make them hoes look stupid Throw them hoes on them bitches like "you there!" Whole broke down beat up bitch With that old ass ugly outfit That ain't no goddamn Gucci bullshit WOOOOOOH, I think I smell fish! I hate fake hoes Show [?] with them hating on the [?] And a twenty dollar outfit Stop shopping at Rainbow, bitch! You know you wrong My thugs are crackin' motherfucking dough Go ham or go home We gon crank this bitch, I'm in the goddamn zone!  [Hook]  [Verse 3] Wassup? Wassup? Get buck in this motherfucking club Wassup? Wassup? Get crunk in this motherfucking club [x2]  [Hook]  [Hook] 3, 6, 9 - damn she fine Hoping she can sock it to me one more time Get low, get low, get low get low! To the window, to the wall! Til the sweat drop down my balls Til all these bitches crawl Til all skeet skeet motherfuckers, all skeet skeet got down! Til all skeet skeet motherfuckers, all skeet skeet got down!  [Verse 1] Shorty crunk - so fresh, so clean Can she fuck? That question been harassing me In the mind. This bitch is fine! I done came to the club about 50 11 times Now can I play with your panty line? The club owner said I need to calm down Security guard go to sweating me now Nigga drunker than a motherfucker, threaten me now She getting crunk in the club, I mean she work it And I like to see the females twerking Taking the clothes off - buckey naked ATL - ho, don't disrespect it P-pop your pussy like this Cause Yin Yang Twins in this B-I-itch Lil Jon and the East Side Boys with me And we all like to see ass and titties Now bring your ass over here, ho And let me see you get low if you want this thug Now take it to the floor - and if your ass want to act You can keep your ass where you're at  [Hook]  [Verse 2 - Lil Jon] Let me see you get low (You scared!) Drop that ass to the floor (You scared!) Drop that ass yea, shake it fast yea Pop that ass to the left and the right yea Now back, back, back it up Now stop (oh!) then wiggle with it (yea!)  [Hook]  [Verse 3] Now give me my dub back and go get your friend Stupid bitch standing there while I'm drinking my Hen Steady looking at me still asking questions Time's up - nigga, pass me another contestant Ho move to the left if you ain't bout 50 Done talked through 3 or 4 songs already Looking at a nigga with your palm out Bitch, I ain't even seen you dance! Twerk something baby, work something baby Pop your pussy on the pole, do your thang baby Slide down that bitch a little bit then stop Get back on the floor, catch your balance then drop Now bring it back up, clap your ass like hands I just wanna see your ass dirty dance Yin Yang we done done again And put it on the map like "hah?!"  [Outro] Ya'll twerking a little bit ladies But you got to twerk a little bit harder than that Right now, I need all the ladies that know they look good tonight We want ya'll to do this shit like this: Bend over to the front, touch your toes! Back that ass up and down and get low Bend over to the front, touch your toes! Back that ass up and down and get low  [E-40] Damn little momma I ain't gon' lie yo' dome action is VICIOUS Feel like I'm in yo' pussy when you suckin my dick!  [Hook 1: repeat 2X] Gimme head ho! {*repeat 6X*} Gimme head 'til I'm dead, gimme head ho!  [Hook 2: Bosko singing the line 2X] Feels like I'm in yo pus-sy... when you suckin my dick  [Hook 1] + [Hook 2] - performed simultaneously  [E-40] Smack it up, flip it, rub it down Feels so good when you go downtown I like it when you moan and groan and make that sound I love to see your face when you do that frown Don't hold back just do yo' job Lick it up and down like corn on the cob Slob on my knob while your pussy throb Gimme head 'til I'm deader than a fuckin do'knob Theraputic and healin, couldn't fight the feelin She pulled my dick back like a banana peelin Her throat game platinum, worth a million Put her on the track, we can make a killin She can wrap her whole mouth around a fireman pole Suck a tennis ball through a garden hose Low cut jeans, like to show that flesh Pierced toungue ring, big lips and breasts Ecstasy... Hennessy... broccoli... the remedy Late night creepin at the Embassy On hard like I'm out the penitentiary Baby got back like a slab of ribs Dang near wanna make her have my kids Take her home, let her meet my mom and dad Then introduce her to all my nigs Front back, side to side Gettin good head while I'm in my ride Dip to the crib then we do it again Have a deep throat contest, you and your friends Like the 4th of July I'm tryin to reach my peak Pull it out your mouth, now it's time to skeet Shoot it everywhere while I'm beatin my meat In your face, in your hair, all over the sheets  [Hook 1] + [Hook 2] - performed simultaneously w/ ad libs  [Al Kapone] Up and down, in and out, let me fuck you in yoir mouth Slow, want, head, that's the type of shit I'm talkin 'bout Gimme that, gimme that, I'm so glad you into that If chewings, what your doin, then you best believe I'm comin back Black, white, asian, and latino, don't discriminate Take it out, take it to the face, then ejaculate Freaky bitch, nasty bitch, my nig' I swear she love this shit Don't trip pimpin, she gon' swallow it if you bust in it Look into her eyes, she gon' cum, in the process Have her panties soakin wet, try to make her choke on it Deep throat, action hard, dick is what I'm packin When she coughin, when she gaggin, she get pimp, satisfaction ... Got a nigga weak in the knees-ah Speakin in another toungue, thank you mamacita That's the way you freak her, pupita in her beaker Feelin like that pussy make me stroke it a little deeper  [Hook 1] + [Hook 2] - performed simultaneously w/ ad libs  [Bosko - using a vocoder like Roger Troutman] Suck, suck it baby (baby) suck all of me (all of me, all of me) Suck, suck it baby (baby) suck all of me (all of me, all of me) Suck, suck it baby (baby) suck all of me (all of me, all of me) Suck, suck it baby (baby) suck all of me  [Hook 1] + [Hook 2] - performed simultaneously w/ ad libs  [Hook 1] + [Hook 2] - performed simultaneously w/ ad libs  [Oral sex sounds]  [Big Boi]  Boy stop   [Brooke Valentine]  It's about to be a girl fight   [Big Boi]  Uh huh, uh huh Big Boi  (Uh Lil' Jon)   [Lil' Jon] What?   [Hook: Brooke Valentine (Lil' Jon)] We 'bout to throw them bows  We 'bout to swang them thangs  We 'bout to throw them bows  We 'bout to swang them thangs  It's 'bout to be a (WHAT) girl fight   [Verse 1: Brooke Valentine]  There she go talkin' her mess  All around town makin' me stress  I need to get off my chest  And if her friend want some then she'll be next  It really ain't all that complicated  Y'all walkin' 'round lookin' all frustrated  Want some, Tex come on let's make it  You actin' real hard but I know your fakin'   [Bridge: Brooke Valentine (Lil' Jon)]  I know you really don't wanna listen to this  Really don't know why you talkin' shit  You about to catch one right in ya lip  It's 'bout to be a (WHAT) girl fight  I know you really don't wanna listen to this  Really don't know why you talkin' shit  You about to catch one right in ya lip  It's 'bout to be a (WHAT) girl fight   [Hook: Brooke Valentine (Lil' Jon) with variations]   [Verse 2: Brooke Valentine]  We on our way to the neighborhood  The reason we comin' is understood  Me and my girls we down to ride  So when ya hear us pull up bring ya ass outside  And if tryin' to call ya cousin and them  Don't forget that I got some of them  I'm 'bout to go real hard, 'bout to swing them thangs  You 'bout to feel elbows all in ya brains   [Bridge: Brooke Valentine (Lil' Jon)]  I know you really don't wanna listen to this  Really don't know why you talkin' shit  You about to catch one right in ya lip  It's 'bout to be a (WHAT) girl fight   [Hook: Brooke Valentine (Lil' Jon) with variations]   [Big Boi]  Oh snap, these bitches they act like cats  In the middle of the dance floor, now they preparing to scrap They takin' out their scrunchies and pullin' off their Press-Ons  The one on the right is the girlfriend and the one the left is the other  Woman  Someone please call security These girls too purty, to get down to the nitty titty  I mean the nitty gritty, I mean her titties pretty  I'm trippin' bein' silly willy  Man go on let them hoes fight   [Hook: Brooke Valentine (Lil' Jon) with variations]   [Outro: Brooke Valenine with ad-libs]  Don't act like you dont know  We break upside ya dome  So be quick enough to block ya dome  And you won't be talkin' that no more   Don't act like you dont know  We break upside ya dome  So be quick enough to block ya dome  And you won't be talkin' that no more  Bitch come outside  [Intro: Lil Jon] Its about to be a... girlfight (Remix) Hey, sendin' this out to all the girls That got beef with another bitch Just walk up to that bitch and tell her  [Remy Martin] I don't fight.. I don't argue.. I just hit that bitch with a bottle I don't fight.. I don't argue.. I just hit that bitch with a bottle  It's a bout to be a (WHAT) girl fight  [Hook] We bout to throw them bows We bout to swing them thangs We bout to throw them bows We bout to swing them thangs It's a bout to be a (WHAT) girl fight  [Verse 1: Brooke Valentine] I hit that bitch with a bottle, I hit her full throttle Didn't think I could do it cuz I look like a model I'm so impossible, originator for girl fights The first to leave a heiffer in the hospital That's me, yup, M-S-B Miss bottle action, I swear you heiffers can't see me Y'all can never take me and insinuate me Turn around and bite me, and try to demonstrate me, huh How 'bout I slap ya and hit ya with one of these Punch ya homie in the mouth with a handful of rings Don't need no help, I can do it myself Had a click full of girls, now you all by yourself, yeah You all alone, you ain't said one word Think security gon' stop it, I just flip them a bird What, you got beef baby, I tell ya we can cook it Put ya dukes up bitch, you wanna fight we can do it  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Da Brat] Slit ya throat to the meat, bitch if you got beef And that's food for thought, so my peeps can eat If I gotta fight the girl, I'm snatchin' out her curls I'mma catch that ho around the corner, beat her tushy earl And leave her world caved in just like her face Nobody know I done it, cause I left no trace I'm a bad motherfucker, Chi-town my home base Brooke diggin' in yo ass, Happy Valentine's Day Do what I say, lay lay lay, my knuckles on ya jaw You won't never get a witness sayin' what they saw I ain't tryin to be no victim, you wanna cross that line I leave a bitch leakin' blood, like it's period time Got that old school in me like Tampax You can't leave home without my CD like Air-Max I throw them bows left to right I'm So So Def-a-like, legendary like Like Mike, bitch  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Remy Martin] Look, if you really wanna get it poppin' I can act like I ain't got a album droppin' But, you the type to talk shit quick Get ya ass whipped And then go call the cops Lose ya jewels in the process of gettin' stomped You file all type of reports sayin' you got robbed Now that ain't gangsta and you ain't gangsta Matter fact, your whole motherfuckin' crew is wankstas I'm tellin' you, you don't really want it with me I don't know how to act, Remy'll o-d I be camped out, waitin' at ya J-O-B With my hair in two braids, face Vaselined And my squad know the plan before we start thumpin' Even if I'm winnin' we all gon' jump in Talkin' wreckless, no hired protection And I'm still walkin' around them metal detectors  [Hook]  [Outro] I'm poppin' one heifers, two heifers, three heifers, fo' If that bitch with her, watch her watch her hit the flo' I don't fight I don't argue, yeah I just hit that bitch with a bottle  [Part 1: Nico] Euch sollte klar sein, dass ihr ein Problem habt Nico-K.I.Z., Stahlschwanz, Neoprensack Ich renn durch diese muttergefickte Stadt und khl mein' Stnder In der Spree pinkel einen Rembrandt in den Schnee Deine Braut ist hei und stinkt, Spitzname: Backfisch Wir ficken sie zu dritt mit dem Kaiser der Galaxis Ich hab' kein Papier, meiel mein Text in dein Grabstein Perverse Brute kein Ding wir scheien dein Bad ein Nico-K.I.Z., Neoprensack, Stahlschwanz Deine beiden fetten Schwestern streiten sich um mich, es ist Walkampf Ich bin gut drauf, du bist gut scheie Ich geh aus dem Battle, hinterlasse Kornkreise  [Refrain: Maxim] Yaa, deine Mutter war ein Sex-Tourist Yaaa, die geile Sau hat mir in's Bett gepisst Yooo, wenn du willst, kannst du einen Becher werfen In meinem Glckskeks steht, dass deine Eltern sterben  [Part 2: Boba Fettt] Gucke auf mich und du siehst einen fetten Mann Der fr immer fette Mukke auftischt Er steht hinter K.I.Z., wie ein strenger Vater Der aufpasst, dass man die Suppe aufisst Wenn du in diesem Augenblick nicht mitnickst Kann es sein, dass du eine Nutten-Sau bist Die hauptberuflich auf ihrer saudummen, runzligen Mutter drauf ist Ich sah neulich ein Haufen faule Muschis Die fr Fuffies ihre Seele in den Gulli warfen, alles warnen nutzt nichts Wir spiel'n ein Spiel, dass niemals Schluss ist Jedes Schlusslicht brauch sich nicht zu wundern Wenn es vor dem Schlussstrich einen Schuss frisst Ich war neulich in Hamburg und berfiel den Baus in seiner Stadt Da kam Nico und fragte mich: "Was ziehst du hier fr 'ne Scheie ab?" Dann zog ich in die Schlacht mit Khlschrank, Badewanne, Bett und Backofen Alle meine Platten wurden alle nass gemacht, weil ich in meiner Badewanne tglich Abpoge  [Refrain: Maxim]  [Part 3: Tarek] Deine Braut findet mich geil, auch wenn du doppelt so hart bist Ich mach Urlaub auf Hawaii und du auf Kosten des Staates Du bist ein Vogel hinter Gittern mit Kacka auf der Stange Das FBI filmt mein Porno, sie beschatten deine Schlampe Ich will ein Fick, sperr die Kinder in's Bad Eine Pille in ihr Glas, ihr freier Wille im Arsch Danach strahlt sie mich an, ich strahle zurck Ich hab den Brennstabdildo in ihr'n Anus gedrckt Laseraugen wie Heino, es ist Luzifer-Shit Um mich zu tten, nimmt man Knoblauch und Kruzifix mit Ich lach die Fotze aus whrend sie das Gewehr entsichert Sie drckt ab, ich schluck die Kugeln wie ein Hero-Ticker  [Refrain: Maxim]  My goodies, my goodies, my goodies Not my goodies  [Petey Pablo] I got a sick reputation for handling broads All I need is me a few seconds or more And it's my rap Tell valet to bring my 'Lac And I ain't comin' back So you can put the car right there I'm the truth I ain't got nothin' to prove And you can ask anybody Cause they seen me do it Barricades, I run right through 'em I'm used to 'em Throw all the dirt you want, it's no use You still won't have a pinup in a fabulous room On her back, picking out baskets of fruit I love you, boo Yeah Freaky Petey loves you too You know how I do  [Ciara] You may look at me and think that I'm just a young girl But I'm not just a young girl Baby, this is what I'm looking for Sexy, independent, down-to-spend-it type that's gettin' his dough I'm not being too dramatic That's the way I gotta have it  [Hook] I bet you want the goodies Bet you thought about it Got you all hot and bothered Mad cause I talk around it If you're looking for the goodies Keep on looking, cause they stay in the jar Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, yeah  [Ciara- Verse 2] Just because you drive a Benz I'm not goin' home with you You won't get no nookie or the cookies I'm no rookie And still I'm sexy, independent I ain't wit' it, so you already know I'm not bein' too dramatic That's the way I gotta have it You think you're slick Tryn'a hit But I'm not dumb I'm not bein' too dramatic It's just how I gotta have it  [Hook]  [Petey Pablo] So damn hot, but so young Still got milk on ya tongue Slow down lil' one And you ain't got it all Hey shorty You think you bad, but you ain't bad I'll show you what bad is Bad is when you're capable of beatin' the baddest I been workin' at it since I came to this planet And I ain't quite there yet, but I'm gettin' better at it Matter of fact Lemme tell it to you one mo' 'gain All I got to do is tell a girl who I am (Petey) Ain't ne'er chick in here that I can't have Bada boom bada bam da bam  [Ciara] You're insinuating that I'm hot But these goodies boy, are not Just for any of the many men that's tryn'a get on top No, you can't call me later And I don't want your number I'm not changin' stories Just respect the play I'm callin'  [Hook 2x]  Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh, uh, uh Bada boom bada bam da bam  [Ciara] My goodies, my goodies, my goodies, NOT MY GOODIES!  [Verse 1 - Jazze Pha] Ladies and Gentlemen! Whoa Whoa Whoa! Say, looky looky. Aw suki suki! Want dem goody goodies? Dats my pookie tuki.G One gurl! Get ya back up off tha wall Do dat matrix part but don't fall! Aw naw we ain't neva done it You want a hit? Stamp SHO' NUFF on it (Ladies and gentlemen) Pay attention Ciara's what the game been missin I ain't come here to play wit yall And naw I dont play no ball, I just BALLLLL Dranks for all yall. Gin gale in it Put ya cups up! Zin Zale sent it  [Verse 2 - Ciara] You may look at me and think that I'm Just a young girl But I'm not just a young girl Baby this is what I'm lookin for: Sexy, independent, down to spend it type that's gettin his dough I'm not bein too dramatic that's the way I gotta have it  [Hook] I bet you want the goodies Bet you thought about it Got you all hot and bothered Maybe cuz I talk about it Lookin for the goodies Keep on lookin cuz they stay in the jar Oh-oh Oh-oh Oh-oh Oh-oh  [Verse 3 - Ciara] Just because you drive a Benz I'm not goin home wit you You won't get no nookie or the cookies I'm no rookie And still I'm sexy, independent I ain't wit it so you already know I'm not bein too dramatic, that's the way I gotta have it You think your slike, tryna hit But I'm not dumb I'm not bein too dramatic, its just how I gotta have it  [Hook]  [Verse 4 - T.I.] You're way too hot to keep ya goodies on lock Call me the locksmith, I got the key to that box I wanna see you next to me in that drop Us chillin in Tahiti no shoes, no socks Maybe in Jamaica poppin bottles on the Yacht Then dock it in Miami grand hustle don't stop Give it to me cuz you wanna, I ain't workin for it You can keep ya nigga look at me (look at me) You think I'm hurting for it?  [Verse 5 - Ciara] You're insuating that I'm hot But these goodies boy are not Just for any of the many men that's tryna get on top No you can't call me layta And I dont want your numba I'm not changin stories, just respect the play I'm callin  [Hook 2x]  [Snoop Dogg] Nigga you need to stop snitchin! All that yip-yappin and jaw-jackin Nigga if you scared, go to church You knew the job was dangerous when you took it  Whattup it's the big boss Dogg Snoop D-O-double-G, Eastside L.B.C And I'm bobbin to the beat of my O.G. homeboy Ice Cube And I'm C-walkin on the motherfuckin concrete  [Intro: Ice Cube] Yo if you're fucked up, put your cups up Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg, nigga what's up See he's a gangster, I'm a hustler Yo it's either thank ya, or it's fuck ya  [Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) I'm down with Lil Jon ain't got to pretend (YEAH!) Crunk Juice nigga run the club that you in (HEY!) You scary motherfuckers don't wanna bring the ruckus (NAH!) You just spend all your time in the club tryin to duck us (WHAT?) And if you walk by nigga, I'mma knock fire nigga From yo' ass, you can come try nigga (HEY!) In the hood, all the way down South (YEAH!) I ain't Mike Jones, keep my name out'cha mouth bitch (Mike Jones) We can get it crackin if it get to clickin clackin Look at Mr. Jackson, nigga with no reaction If you scared, go to church, we gon' hit you where it hurts That don't work, we'll put you in the dirt Cause a whole lot of rappers make a whole lot of noise (hey) Lyrics full of steroids, niggas paranoid (hey) And when you get that blowup, it make you throw up When you realize your favorite rapper ain't got no nuts  [Hook 2X: Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) If you a scared motherfucker go to church (GO TO CHURCH) If you a gutter motherfucker do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT) If you a down motherfucker put in work (A PUT IN WORK) IF you a crazy motherfucker go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!)  [Snoop Dogg] Click clackin, pistol-packin, Crip raggin folio Who the only nigga in the club with the toolio You ain't know? Yeah you did; there it was, there it is "Is that Coolio?" Naw bitch, let me in Jibba-jabba snatcher get at ya, spit at actors & rappers Hang out with kidnappers and jackers Make money off crackers; can you imagine how I keep shit crackin? It's the big boss Dogg I'm back in action and smashin I flash with the bling I sur-pass the supreme You don't really wanna have a clash with my team I mix hash with the green I'm the, last of the kings If I got a bitch with me she got ass in them jeans Rollin through yo' neighborhood, my Cadillac so clean Servin all you suckers cause you all dopefiends Just like that dopeman, nigga what's up? You run up with that bullshit I'll fuck yo' ass up  [Hook]  [Lil Jon: repeat 2X] You scared, you scared You scared motherfucker you scared You scared (you scared) you scared (you scared) You scared motherfucker you scared (you scared)  [Hook]  [Ice Cube] + (Lil Jon) It goes one for the money (HEY) two for the show (YEAH) Three for the pussy, fo' for the glow (HEY) Five for the rookies, six for the pros (NAH) Seven for the numbers of them fuckin zeroes (WHAT?) Eight for haters, nine for the cause Ten for my niggas, behind big bars (HEY) Fuck these devils, and they laws (YEAH!) Never question the size of Ice Cube's balls  [Intro: Lil Jon talking] "Yeeeeah! (Yeeeeah!) It's been a long journey getting' to This motherfuckin' point of this Crunk Juice shit. (What?!) But we done got to the last motherfuckin' song niggas (Last shit niggas!) And I got five of the hottest motherfuckin' Emcees in the world, givin' you that gangsta shit! IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKIN' GRAND FINALE!!!!!!"  [Verse 1: Bun B] We growin' doja in the basement in that underwater garden (Okay) When hereon in the back shed, dry it 'til it harden Make it hash up in the oven (Man), put yayo in the hot plate Drain and dry in the freezer, it's obvious we got weight I said hard work, that's soft work even with wet work Built-in clientele so we ain't gotta network (Let's go) We always got work, so we ain't gotta get work And if you ain't gettin' your work from us you bound to get jerked We yayo experts, we been whippin' the yola since the crackas decided to Take the coke from Coca-Cola Hold the rollers, the king of the Trill The underground as well, you can step in the ring when you feel Nigga just sound the bell Can't sound the heaters in this game, but the grind I'm lovin' Nigga we passed all that pushin', man it's time for shovin' I got the mask, I got the strap, soon as I find the gloves We gonna start exposin' off like Farhrenheit 9/11  [Verse 2: Jadakiss] I'mma speak clearly cause I don't think they hearin' me A nigga only fear's gettin' charged with conspiracy I'ca get it right to ya, sticky green white to ya Wear whatever you want, bullets goin' right through ya If you stressin' to get buried My niggas'll send you back to the essence in a hurry Sippin' Crunk Juice, blowin' Dutchies in the Chevy Try to figure me out dawg, I'm light but I'm heavy Yellow lemonheads in the bezzie of the presi' And yeah, anybody'ca rock but D-Block rock steady (D-Block!) FED's don't need no warrants cause y'all all informants So I get higher than New York insurance Try to keep shit clean like Florence Moved on up on the East side cause I never lost endurance And it's all real niggas, if I ever get a license to carry Shit, that's a license to kill niggas  [Verse 3: T.I.] I refuse to lose, I rather give these weak dudes the blues And separate them from they jewels, teach 'em don'ts and do's I raise tools, make crews make decisions confused All spectators can say is, "This lil' nigga's a fool" A short fuse with some loose screws, some unscrewed Better prove, you niggas pussy as the Moulan Rouge So who guardin' who, you know who to you know what To you know where, goin' 'gainst 'em's too unfair Cause everywhere you do a show he got kinfolk there Now you know I ain't no ?, I got ten folk there They ain't powerful as the one at the end of your prayer Got you runnin' for your life without a minute to spare Catch you dead to the granite, melt the grease in your hair When I go, them boys is gonna be indecent affair Guarantee you nah a real nigga breathin' accounted At your funeral, just your parents and the preacher was there Hollow, television name-dropper reachin' for help So I ain't gotta say a word, pimp you beatin' ya'self You gon' get what you deserve for disrespectin' the game Any nigga with the nerve to say another man name When that other man ain't even present And deny it when somebody ask him about it That nigga's a lame, you like to lie on the mic Hide behind fame, I was a G when I came That's the way I remain  [Verse 4: Nas] Who besides the Egyptian-walker, fuckers have a conniption My existence persistent to bring foes misfortune I dazzle 'em, like the alderman, Billy Dee in Mahogany, minus the perm From the tiniest sperm that the mightiest The Almighty can muster Project prophet, chronic blockage gives Alzheimer's to youngsters Amongst them is me, can't remembers my beefs With who? For what? They screw-face me up, my boo laced me up Balenciaga, flimsy condo with bimbos in south of Key Largo in pimp mode The inf' glow on his clothes and you know it's over Hammer hit pin, pin hit shell, from the shell the slug gonna chew ya Try not to lose me, I try not to lose'ya Mamma say mamma sa mu makasa, fly to Cuba To chill with some politi-kill niggas who ill Cause y'all niggas are losers, don't get comfortable nigga Say hello to Mr. Bad Guy, get that cash par, I'm the last don You'll ever know so, here you go y'all can take these thoughts Anyway I'm chargin' emcees a late fee cost So when y'all done with my style, please break me off But never make Nas mad just in case cross Cause ah, lately y'all don't make me happy To calm my nerve I need the herb GNC don't carry  [Verse 5: Ice Cube] Who the fuck is that? It's Ice Cube motherfucka He's a maniac, no I'mma fool motherfucka Old school motherfucka, blow through a motherfucka What you heard about a nigga so true motherfucka See I'm ugly and prettay, I'm polished and grittay Shoot better than that nigga that tried to kill 50 See, niggas get shittay when I come to their cittay When I hit the spot that bitch they like -- she cummin' with me Cause I got an ego big as TO, but I'm not an Eagle Bitch, I roll a Regal cause gangstas don't dance we boogie I told you motherfuckas Kobe didn't take that pussy Get money, get paid, you can beat that shit Even if the DA is a piece'a shit Colorado got bravado, but eat that shit Another White bitch lyin' on the Black dick I keep it flippin' like flapjacks, pimpin' like black 'Lacs Give niggas flashbacks, they sweaty as ass cracks When I hit the tarmac, it feel like a carjack Niggas get out and vanish like Star Treks So fuckin incredible, I'm so fuckin' credible No matter what happen, I'll never turn federal And that's my report comin' straight from Cali Ice Cube is the shit on this motherfuckin' Grand Finale  [Intro: Lil Mama's Sister and Lil Mama] If my sister tour bus, ride through your town You're gonna have a problem, tell um Lil' Mama !  Uh uh, no way, you can show me how [x2] Uh uh, no way, you can show me how You can show me how To G-slide Let's go !  [Hook] Lil' Mama tour bus might ride through your town Take her time, show you how To do the G-slide, let me show you how To G-slide Let's Go!  [Kadar] Lil' Mama get it poppin' puttin' work G-slide for me (Hey)  [Lil Mama] G-slide with me (Hey) G-slide with me (Hey)  Lil' Mama get it poppin' puttin' work G-slide for me (Hey)  [Lil Mama] G-slide with me (Hey) G-slide with me (Hey)  [Verse 1 : Lil Mama] When I bump up on the track it's like (Whoomp, there it is) From the block parties to house parties I gets it in I'ma bump my Bee's and knees And that's exactly what I meant Young beast from the East So you know I puts it in I'm that ghetto gorgeous gangster girl With the fly G slide international (is wretch you know) By the way that I bounce on the track (you know) You ain't never see a girl like this (oh no) My whole team fly high We ride 'till we die Run into dudes who be Yapping and always trying to get by But I don't hear It goes in one ear and out the other Taught him how to G-slide and he taught his mother Get get down big Mama' I can dig it that you got it But when my block starts the G A stampede startin'  [Hook]  [Kadar] Lil' Mama get it poppin' puttin' work (I put it work) [x3] Lil' Mama get it poppin' puttin' work (Hey!)  [Verse 2 : Kadar] New shirt (New shirt) New kicks (New kicks) New ants G-slide the new dance No auto maw We live in the new times Lil' ma must've artist for me Is the new grime More money, more money More shine She the princess of the city I'm her son boy shine Top the dime Shorty got cake like uh Duncan Hines, come on G-slide  [Lil Mama] They be callin' me T in the hood cause I bring the Pain daddy And when the time is going down Make you ring daddy That mean you got to feel me Cause I'm might make you fly And if you G-slide slow You better pick it up G-slide with me Be shy do it See shorty lookin' over from the side viewin' I'm 'bout to hook him up And show him how to do it Slide right, slide left Hit time  [Hook]  [Verse 3 : Lil Mama] Lil' mama get it popping Stand on the streets so the people yell Just lookin' at me like No fair, I'm here, no fair And my heart gonna nip you girls I bet you gonna live no losses I switch verses like sauces That prego sauce be poppin She so hot When I go bring them down to popping Now you tip and try to touch May end up with red spots When it's hot, then it's hot If it ain't, then it's not No wait, you walk over There's no room up on the spot Cause I spot little creatures trying to turn beast (turn beast) Go feast They better turn because I'm red meat (meat) And it's wait wait to see me While I do it for the TV In the hood In the hood Is probably where I must be (be, be, be...)  [Hook]  [Verse 1 - Yelawolf] You ain't gotta lay down on your bed You know you already fucked up Letting me in the muthafuckin' game is like Letting me drunk drive in ya truck When Yelawolf arrived in this club, already had 5 in my cup Then I took another hit and I run into a bitch That's looking lifeless and stuck Baby, what's wrong with you now? What, you ain't happy with Red Bottoms? Mad cause I'm in VIP with a fuckin' Jack bottle? With Tom, Dick and Harry I got up in this bitch with a tank top cause I spit so very, darn quick and scary That's why they're so quick to compare me Fuck my critics with a spiked dick When it can fit barely. They probably think I'm a Limp Bizkit That spits jelly, when I put them in the woods I'm a redneck I'm a hick? Tell me: go ahead, yeah! What the fuck does it matter to me? Cause after me there'll only be wannabes And mostly ain't never gonnabes Yeah in this forest I'm a lonely tree My limbs are covered in tattoos -and my roots they run deep  [Hook] I'm 2 bottle shawty, 2 bitches waiting Two 10's: that's a "win-win situation".. Happy birthday, I'm feelin' brand-new Drinks on me! For ME: not you  [Hook 2] Up in the club, don't give a fuck Up in the club, don't give a fuck Up in the club, don't give a fuck Up in the club, still don't give a fuck  [Verse 2 - Yelawolf] I don't know what to say after that first verse I mean like damn, I just killed it What the fuck am I supposed to do with this cow? I done already milked it Smoke another cigarette unfiltered Let go of anything that Im feelin Broke me down so many times before That I'm no longer rapping I'm building With one brick, two brick, three brick, four Underneath the steps of my single wide door Raised by them dope boys, so I know how them thangs look Thanks for the recipe: rest in peace, Wayne Bush I don't cook my shit, I don't break it down for you muthafuckas Out there waiting around for some rap savior You better look up at what it is that you facing now Cause Jesus drives a Harley, the Devil wears Prada If God was one of us, he'd probably drink vodka I still kick it at the party when I get rich Cause rich or broke, I'm still as dope The realest ain't as real as this Dead or alive, I'll put a stamp in this bitch You'll never seen rock and roll do hip-hop like I did  [Hook 1 & Hook 2]  Outro Yeah ya Y'all know we dont give a fuck! Its Gheto-Vision Yeah! Shady Yeah! Still dont give a fuck Naaaahhh! your boy, lil John we rep the South! Happy birthday, Alabama Hey! hey! Up in the club Together: dont give a fuck Aaah Up in the club, still dont give a fuck I ain't in the building, I own the building, Bitch!  Put yo' hand wit yo' fist up! {*4X*} Right about now (Wassup?!) We need y'all to rise (RISE!) For the International Head Bussas Anthem! Head Bussas! Lil' Scrappy! {*4X*} BME CLICK! Me? Who are ya? I'm Lil Jon! OKAAAY!  BOOM  [Hook] We some head bussas, we some head bussas We'll knock a hater out, we some head bussas We some head bussas, we some head bussas We'll knock a hater out, we some head bussas  [Verse One] I made up my mind that I'm ready to strike and I'm ready to fight Takin' out my steel killin' every fuck nigga in sight We expite, I knew you bitches didn't wanna brawl (uh what you say?) Bitch I'll swang on all of y'all I'm the beast from the east, wit the fangs on my teeth I'll murder all of y'all bitches in the middle of the street And I don't give a fuck if you don't like me Straight knock yo' ass out into cap-tiv-ity Down south, I'll ride, shoot and kill homicide It be nothin shawty till the day that I die We strive, on tearin heads up! And everywhere we go we gon tear dat bitch up We don't give a fuck about havin no click Da A got my back and ain't takin' no shit Excuse me shawty, get the fuck out my face Befo' we get mad and shoot up the whole place  [Hook]  [Verse Two] I speak my mind, cause bitin my tongue hurt Murder yo' ass wit lyrics and put yo' face on a shirt I'm a motherfuckin rider, cause I thought y'all knew I ain't run from nothin' even if it's twenty of you I think it's plenty of you that really want the shawty dead But watch what ya said lil shawty, I'm makin' bread Fuck all y'all born haters wit the hatred blood to match A long way but plus I run with G's and gats And shawty matter of fact these trill G's be thugs We ain't talkin behind yo' back and we ain't scared to bust I'm by myself, but bein alone makes you strong I stepped off the porch young, so shawty I been grown  [Hook]  [Verse Three] ATL off the chain down here Ya come wit dat yappin and no action, you gon' disappear You walk in the club, it's tight like brass knuckles Straight elbowin haters like we jumpin off turnbuckles Beatin in ya door with dat clip on the tech Beatin down ya block in that 89' Chevy Tell that stupid boy we throwin' 'bows and we ready Screamin' "swang shawty" to dem boys dat can't stand me Yeah shawty - I'mma ATL slugga Knockin' off heads on you pussy motherfuckers Shawty be sayin', "Scrap, you a cool boy!" But I know in my heart dat I'mma head bussa boy! (Head bussa!)  [Hook]  [Ice Cube] I knew you niggas would be back See, see, you need to fuck with me y'nahmean Yeah, you need to holla at your boy man, holla Stop fuckin' with them punk-niggas man with that shit That's what you get, that shit stepped on nigga, that's what you get I got that raw, I got that, ungh  [Intro: Ice Cube] Twenty-fo' seven, holla at your boy What you need baby, c'mon with it, holla at your boy I got it all day, in the hallway, holla at your boy Sick of that blow up, holla at your boy  [Verse 1] That's what you get for fuckin' with them niggas Come and see me for that real O.G He a O-Z, I'm a whole ki' Dope as a motherfucker, son a whole seed Bitches fiend for it, then they lean for it It ain't cocaine, but they wanna still blow it What you need, what you need Hoes offer me the pink slip and the deed (yes indeed) Treat it just like weed, hit the right end then pass it to her friend I'm a hustler, you a customer Them other niggas you like, straight fuckin' ya Some of 'em lyin (yup) most of 'em trickin Others are dyin, some of 'em victims When you come from South Central L.A That shit is like dirt weed, a nigga got a headache (holla)  [Refrain] If you want it raw now, make the call now Look me up nigga, holla at your boy Fiendin for that good shit, take a look bitch What you need baby, holla at your boy I got it all day, in the hallway On Broadway, holla at your boy Sick of that blow up, gettin' stepped on Nigga come on home, holla at your boy  [Verse 2] "Ice Cube", back then they used to fuck me Now that I'm hot these bitches still love me Why, cause I'm far from ugly Everywhere I go they wanna kiss and hug me They say, dopeman, dopeman I got your money don't turn into Conan Don't wanna see the g-hand, bitch I am the man from here to Cleveland Don't get mad, I get e-van Try to shake the van, think you're sleep-an Oh my God this nigga's leak-in Somebody best to call the deacon, uh-huh Any dose is a overdose Leave your punk-ass dead or a comatose And if you don't wanna listen My shit'll crack you out like Tyrone Bigguns  [Refrain]  [Verse 3] Holla, yeah But don't two-way a nigga Bitch that ain't nothin' but a transcript Dumb bitch, I'll holla Don't two-way a nigga man, I'll holla Damn  [Refrain]  [Outro] 20 years I've been servin you fiends for 20 years Why would you fuck with anybody else, huh That's why you're fucked up right now, ain't it You need to get at me, you know I got it, and I know you want it Holla at your boy  [Outro: Mike Epps] C'mon Cube let me rap on here I'm, I'm just tryin to sack somethin' up  [Intro: Rock City] ? Hustle-MONEY!  [Chorus: Rock City (E-40)] I, I live and sleep on these streets Cause I have got to get mine, my fam, see, we gotta eat So when people ask me why, why don't ever I slow down? Oh, I just simply reply, I don't really know how!  So I, hustle, hustle, hustle (I'ma hustler, believe me) You know I hustle, hustle, hustle (And this ain't easy)  So I hustle, hustle, hustle (I'ma hustler, believe me) You know I hustle, hustle, hustle (And this ain't easy)  [Verse 1: E-40] Money and muscle I gotta black belt in hustling I'm doing my thang Chain around my neck look like a playground swing! Unit mover, pockets fat like Rasputia Ask your chick, I got oil on my tongue Pimp, I talk real slick, where the real ones go They don't make them like me no more! Hustler, I'ma whole 'nother animal I'ma whole 'nother animal, I'ma whole 'nother beast I can never switch up, I'm cut from the streets! Papered up like a fax I'm rare like white running backs I'm getting my Gouda I'ma be the first hustler that set up shop on Jupiter!  [Chorus]  [Verse 2: Turf Talk] Let me introduce myself, homeboy Any MC I will destroy West, West, West Coast boy Speakers in the trunk keep making noise! I'm so fly, I'm that guy 28 inches sitting high I'm a star, what you thought? Everywhere I go, they snap shots! Everywhere I go, they know Turf Medallions jiggling off my shirt C-notes keep falling out my jeans Benjamin Frank, George Washing-teens Gotta keep pushing, pushing weight Filet mignon steak on my plate Staring in my rear view can't slow down If getting money is wrong, arrest me now!  [Chorus]  [Verse 3: Rock City] They ask me, "What you're doing bro?" I say that I hustle everyday My men don't sleep, we always up Cause we can't live off minimum wage! Middle finger to the other side I know that I just want to get paid When you hear this one go and turn it up From Virgin Islands out to the Bay!  [Chorus]  [Jamie Foxx] Ayy ayy ayy ayy Been patient, we both played our part in heart-breakin Most time you hurt, more than I, face it Took blows to the heart, that's family My mother, been 20 years with a hustler He always taught, never talk slick A woman's place submit to a boss, couldn't take it So many nights seein momma on the couch stressin She lookin at the clock, it's quarter past 2 Next day, and still no sign of daddy A hustler, always loyal to the customer In love with the only example of family I wanna say  [Hook: Jamie Foxx + Debra Killings] Daddy said, when you hit 18 That you will never marry one like me But didn't know you fell for a hustler Hustle blood all in me, all in me But I've been waitin for this day to come  [Big Boi] Waitin for the day to come Like waitin on the mailman first of the month I'm a, straight go-getter, trend setter Make her more wetter when a nigga bust Dude I keep her soakin wet to the touch (I do) No joke, can't stop 'til she get enough Like a paper towel, quick to pick her up Blow smoke, chop chop, let her hit the blunt nigga what Up, up, up and away (and away) I ain't fin' to front From the jump or the giddy up bruh It's plenty pretty bitties in the city I'm from And I'm gon' get me just one To ride shotgun, do you hear me? Just one, one  [Debra Killings] Bum bum diddy bum bum, bum bum bum diddy bum bummmm  [Hook]  [Interlude] Waiting for this day to come, lady come and give me some You know you're my only one, just lay back girl have some fun Now come over let me squeeze, you so tightly let me see Just what you can do for me, drop down low and shake it please  [Big Boi] Nothing in the world can keep us apart Like Nettie and Seely from the start My blood pumps red, but give me a purple heart Instead cause a nigga goes hard Kinda like a egg, boilin in a pot of hot water (hot water) Or like a Fed with a no-knock warrant I want her, so I'mma go and get her, ya hear me? We got her surrounded, she gonna give it to me Give it up, gift wrap, hands up Handcuff with the wrists back, back up (back up) The type of chick'll make a nigga act up Mask up, get the Cadillac and mash up Any, and every Thing on site like a drop box Chevy  [Debra Killings] Bum bum diddy bum bum, bum bum bum diddy bum bummmm  [Hook]  [Jamie Foxx] Ayy (ayy) Ayy (ayy)  [Interlude]  [Intro: Lil Jon] Okay! x6 Whaa! Okay!  [Hook: Lil John & The Eastside Boyz] You ride up to the club nigga, I don't give a fuck Shakin yo' ass in the club bitch, I don't give a fuck Drinkin' Cris in the V.I., I don't give a fuck Talkin' shit 'bout me, bitch I don't give a fuck You gotta pocket full of money nigga, I don't give a fuck You drinkin' off with them ho's bitch, I don't give a fuck In the club with yo' pussy click, I don't give a fuck Security on my dick bitch, I don't give a fuck  [Verse 1: Lil Jon & The Eastside Boyz] Drop dem bow's on dem muthafuckin' pussy ass niggas Drop dem bow's on dem muthafuckin' pussy ass niggas I got that Eastside with me, I don't give a fuck Got that Westside with me, I don't give a fuck Drop dem bow's on dem muthafuckin' pussy ass niggas Drop dem bow's on dem muthafuckin' pussy ass niggas I got that North side with me, I don't give a fuck I got that Southside with me, I don't give a fuck We rollin' deep in this bitch so fuck y'all niggas We rollin' deep in this bitch so fuck y'all niggas I got that dirty south with me, I don't give a fuck I got that midwest with me, I don't give a fuck If security step up we'll crush dem niggas If security step up we'll crush dem niggas I got that east coast with me, I don't give a fuck I got that west coast with me, I don't give a fuck  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Mystikal] Man I do this in spite, my mom ain't married, bitch I'm a bastard Nigga I fuck over me, you know what I do to these rappers They come in here huffin' and puffin' And screamin' and cussin' and bustin' they verses Nigga you betta calm yo' ass down unless you excited to see me in person I'm rollin' with thugs and felons ughhh, that's cuz it's own killaz We gon' teach you ol' punk ass niggas to respect us authority figures Throw one of a kind boy when we be pourin' up in the club You're going down boy too bad fuck ya, sorry for ya Listen let's not to get shook, but I ain't the one to come lookin' 'Cuz all I can tell the police is, I am not a crook I fuck big fine bitches, my dick get hard, watch it grow Then gimme fiyah head, blow my shotgun, tastes good don't it Now tell me that ain't the life, tellin' me my niggas ain't for life Now tell me that shit ain't tight Tell me that y'all wanna be just like me I beat these bitches down, I wash these cowards up Nigga you talkin' shit (huh) ho you tryna POWER UP  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Krayzie Bone] Y'all niggas ain't ready for this, muthafuckas ain't study for this Cuz y'all still ain't learn, nigga got a 4-4 cocked And a blunt so hot make a muthafucka feel that burn Niggas say word, where da herb You stay up off my dick don't back talk my nigga finna' get up in 'em Back up off of this nigga The one nigga that fucked up they shut up the talkin Barkin' betta block 'em off the nigga talkin, sparkin Betta watch and dodge and never mind he caught it Where da thugs at up in this bitch, fuck a nigga up y'all represent Gimme some gin, gimme some hen Naw just gimme both and I'll mix it all in Who wanna take a lil' sip of this sin, let me get ya twisted man Niggas on fire, don't stop droppin' dem that's a lie, we just won't die We come back flya than ever, higher than ever this time With venomous rhymes So any nigga wanna get involved, what you think you can fuck with my dogs Nigga you thinkin' you rubbin' us while we're thuggin this Did you think you can fuck with us, BONE, BONE-BONE-BONE-BONE You ready to do this the hell with the song We ain't gotta tell you it's on, you know this Poppin' the Glock to put a stop to the ho shit Y'all still can't fuck with us and never will because We too fuckin' cold, too fuckin bold Got too many souljas ready to roll with da goddamn Bone  [Hook]  [Verse One: T.I.] Now, e'rybody wanna be the king of the South When, they ain't runnin a damn thing but they mouth No doubt, it's all good, y'all just statin y'all opinion But in the South and in the hood it's understood without sayin It's a given, and ain't because of what I'm doin for a livin It's, mo' because of what I do and how I'm livin Not to mention when I'm rappin I'm just hurtin niggas feelings (Niggas feelings) And still chillin on Simpson in Center Hillin' Made provisions for the clique to continue keepin it pimpin Whether crack was in the house or record sales was through the ceiling So say what you want, and do what you please But for fun, I shoot 22's from your shoes to your knees I run a record label and a crew of G's So, niggas'll come and look for you if ya sneeze Or even breathe the wrong way, you better do what the song say And be easy, or else it'll be a long day  [Hook: T.I.] I'm a king - bank rolls in the pockets of my jeans I'm a king - you pussy niggas couldn't see me in your dreams I'm a king - top topic of all of your magazines I'm a king - head of the body, leader of the team I'm a king - remember I can get your block knocked off I'm a king - a Bentley coupe with the top chopped off I'm a king - I'm connectin nationwide but in the South I'm a king - just respect it and keep my name out'cha mouth  [Verse Two: Lil Scrappy] I'm the prince shorty don't get it twisted Been callin shots since before my flows existed And still find birds in my momma kitchen You might see me burnin purple in the subdivision I got soldiers on deck, babyface pimpin Whatchu' know 'bout dat, I get a bad Brenda With that vert' top back, my jeans feelin tight Cause my pockets stay fat, playa better know that My neck got so much shit, danglin Big dick, big chain, we just keep on hangin Got a Hollywood ho, and a broad that be sangin They be hatin cause I'm famous {?} what I was thankin And this for every don nigga thankin he passed me Y'all just thank that you gone and the shit'll be nasty I'mma stay ballin, ballin off my old school classic Lil Scrap got big bank, now see if you can match it  [Hook]  [Verse Three: P$C] Shorty I'm down with the kings, so call me the greatest Number one hustler, I keep the street blazin If the grapes don't sell, I dry 'em up and sell raisins While y'all cherry pickin hustlers out here slavin That king shit nigga runs deep in my veins Pump through my heart, live in my bone marrow mayne That's pimpin! My gas is premium like octane Cain't tell me nuttin 'bout stackin these Benja-maynes I'm the king of the Dirty, see me seated in the throne Overruled other dudes like Caesar did in Rome With a prince that's so demandin and an aura so strong The South ain't been represented like this in so long I'm an emperor, you best be glad I'm workin on my temper Otherwise I'd cock a pistol, send some missiles to your temple Disrespect us I'mma blick 'em 'til I get you plain and simple Brass knuckles to your dentals blast suckers in they dimples  [Hook]  [T.I.] I'm a king  [R. Kelly] Hey, hey, boom boom, hey hey, boom boom Hey hey, boom boom, hey hey, boom boom  What are we doing tonight baby? 'Bout to roll up to this club 'Bout to step up in this club 'Bout to get big in this club 'Bout to get wild in this club [2x]  [Verse 1 - R. Kelly] Now we about to show ya how wild it gets When a girl at the party when she backin' it Now this girl dance freaky cause she passionate If I ask for some chips, then she stackin' it She don't need no introduction, she's a diamond of daw And I don't mean no janitor, the way she mopping the flow Tattoo on her backs saying 'ready to go' Man this girl must get pimped away I'm ready too ho I'm going to take you out to ghetto girl around the globe Freaking in the kitchen girl, go somehwere around the stove In the chumps we chilling in some hotel robes I put her towels on her body and massage her toes There ain't nothing like some sex on a friday night But then again nothing like some sex in any night After that gotta go got appointments girl I'm a doctor, I got other clients girl Now listen up close, I won't say it again Skip a dog ya'll cat is a man's best friend Lil' Jon and Luda on the first class flight From ATL we about to get it crunk tonight Where we going?  [Hook] 'Bout to roll up to this club 'Bout to step up in this club 'Bout to get big in this club 'Bout to get wild in this club [2x]  [Verse 2 - Ludacris] Hey Kelly! Oh damn! There go expensive Chris At the bar behind all the most expensive shit And his car always got the most expensive kit So his gun always got the most extended clip Hey! Luda Luda, I'm built to last Nicknamed double barrel and I'm built to blast Since your girl ain't a freak, well you gotta convince me Cause im all up in the fifth getting straight Lewinsky And smoking some of that ''Kill Bill'' Ten Mil motherfucker I'm still trill Can't party with the women that like it dick Refuse to cut my hair like Michael Vick Dirty bird even judges say the birds are dirty We the reason that the clubs start closing early Walk up and watch the crowd start moving quick And I ain't gotta pay the DJ to play my shit  [Hook]  [Verse 3 - Lil' Jon] Yeah, hey, hey, hey With the bull pimp cup man I'm sloppy drunk I don't broke into club it's the king of crunk Let the 808 blam and the woofers blow Throw some ass in my lap and I'm good to go I spread a shined out bottle, crack a beer While the ladies are all rubbing my nappy beard No need to even ask it, who's the boss? When the dreadlocks slam and the roof come off The crunk juice got me up all night shit And in last year making that bite shit Not an essay calling me Loc De Niro Stunned with my hell day, Oaklezero Fresh by the front and I'm ready to play Got the dog but I knew my had to lie (ok) BME turn millionaire, and we all like 'what what, yeah'  [Hook]  [Verse 4 - R. Kelly] 90 other time I would say it's over Since the party so live, I can keep it going Shit don't stop till six in the morning Come seven o'clock a nigga still ain't yawning Baby girl leaving now on her toes Hangover, wait a minute girl you leaving your clothes And tickets gonna sell for a major show If yousa a hater at the booth and the booth is closed And move out the way I'm a Luda fan Up north, dirty south, west eastside man All strippers in the club stand up right now We wanna see you shake your booty in the place right now Where we going?  [Hook]  [Hook: Elephant Man & Lil Jon] [?] You fuckin with some killas You fuckin with the mutha fuckin realist niggas You fuckin with some killas You fuckin with the mutha fukin realist niggas  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] I wish a motherfucker would say something Fuck around and get your goddamn ass whooped Nigga I feel like startin some shit And I might just snap the piss, out a pussy ass nigga like you, nigga fuck ya Take a .45 cross the head gun butt ya (Yeah!) Ya'll pussy-ass niggas ain't hard, stomp that ass out like a million man march Sawed off shot gun hand on the pump, finger on the trigga Ready to dump Blow a motherfucker bye bye Point blank range, yeah niggas gon' die That's why I never leave the crib without packing my gat Strap on my vest, put on my hat. Motheruckers outta line Gettin laid down flat, I'm a show you how a real nigga act  [Hook: Elephant Man & Lil Jon]  [Verse: Game] It's 3, The hard way Black Lambo, No passengers Black Ski mask, Chain Saw Massacre Kill, pass me the AK 47 (Blacka) Yellow Tape the intersection Loaded clips, Lock 'em in Got a black four five Call it Pac's revenge I'm a motherfuckin' animal Lil Jon be cannibal Every nigga in Atlanta Know I'm psycho insane about my cash They can re-open alcatraz And sentance with a life without rehabillitaion Fuck Governor Schwarzenegger, nigga it's my statment Dear Mr. President Barack Obama, right after you catch Osama Tell Mr. Waso Please let oprah know That I won't ever stop sayin' bitch and ho  [Hook: Elephant Man & Lil Jon]   [Verse 3: Ice Cube] We run A-Town, we run LA Now get down on your motherfuckin' belly Before this AK make you do a ballet It's the nut cracker, I'm the linebacker Three motherfuckers, hard as concrete Y'all motherfuckers, soft as Gandhi Pull that thing out, now you a zombie [?] you know where I be West side rolling, all day, everyday Got your bitch open, you're fucking with heavyweights Like, why steal my space? And stay the fuck outta my face Ghostwriters I'm on ya' From Atlanta, Georgia to California This shit can't go no longer And when I catch ya, I'm a-don ya  [Hook: Elephant Man & Lil Jon]  (Intro - T.I.) Ay, ay, ay! Now listen to me for a minute Ay, ay, ay! Can ya hear me?  (Ciara) Yeah, yeah, ye-ah! La-la-la-la-la-la-la! Ha ha ha, yeah, ye-ah! La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ye-ah!  (Verse 1) TI I know what you be thinkin' when ya hear me tryna holla I'm a baller! You don't wanna come near me I know ya hear me, but you really ain't tryna be bothered Cause you probably used to leavin' out the club gettin' followed But listen, shawty, I ain't nothin' like a stalker If I say then I mean it, I ain't just a sweet talker I know I want a woman 'fore I ever try to call her I know ya first mind tell ya to decline, but you oughta Come and chill for a minute, take a load off Know ya heard rumors, plenty hoes say I'm throwed off If ya choose to listen to them then it yo loss But what you wanna do let me know, 'fore I roll off I know ya havin' second thoughts, it ain't yo fault Just don't let the bling scare ya off, I'm a sure floss But I keep my business to myself, let the hoes talk Kick it wit da King, be the Queen, it ain't no cost  (Chorus - Ciara) I'll be your Queen for a day Maybe we can get away I do anything you wanna do anytime just pick a place I'll be your Queen for a day Baby you won't have to chase If ya really want me to be the one, all ya gotta do is say, "I'll be ya King!" I'll be your Queen, for today Maybe you won't have to chase If ya really want me to be the one, all ya gotta do is say, "I'll be ya King!"  (Verese 2 - T.I.) Come and hang wit me, shawty I can change ya life! Not a lil bit, look I'm talkin' major like I mean first class flights, not first class seats Gotta go G4 if ya commin' wit me I put you in position broads would be honored to be Hoppin in the double R right in front of the suites Tell the driver to drop us off in front of the beach Set up a table in the sand, fix us somethin' to eat You'll be surprised whatcha learn sit and talkin' to me As the moon and the stars glisten off of the sea You've hardly ever seen only one woman with me And if ya did then she probably mean something to me I know you know I tote Glocks and I come from the street But I done growed up alot since I was runnin' the streets And even if that don't change ya opinion of me I bet ya glad you got the chance to come and kick it with me, right?  (Chorus - Ciara) I'll be your Queen for a day Maybe we can get away I do anything you wanna do anytime just pick a place I'll be your Queen for a day Baby you won't have to chase If ya really want me to be the one, all ya gotta do is say, "I'll be ya King!" I'll be your Queen, for today Maybe you won't have to chase If ya really want me to be the one, all ya gotta do is say, "I'll be ya King!"  (Verse 3 - T.I.) I know ya had a chance to listen to the rest flirt For you give on up the song come and try my vest first I can give it to ya slow or I can make the sex hurt Ooh but no pressure we ain't gotta have sex first I know you wanna know that it's a mutual respect first But we goin kick it if ya wanna clear ya head first We can blow on the best purp til ya chest hurt Take a couple shots drop the top in a wet vert Call up ya homegirl, we can go and get her If she love a good time well tonight might impress her (ha ha) Squeeze in ya tight skirt, match it wit ya best purse I can show ya both how to ball I'm an expert  [Lil' Jon] Yeah (yeah) OK (ok) motherfucker (motherfucker) Y'all know who it is (who is it?) Lil' Jon, them motherfuckin' East Side Booooyz (yeah, yeah) I got my nigga Jadakiss with me too (D-Block, live son) We gon' do this for all the real motherfuckin' niggas (Uh uh uh uh yo) Holla at them niggas J, come on  [Jadakiss] Yeah, Kiss name known, matter fact, Kiss name blown And bitches always wanna hit me like I just came home But I still put the tools in ya mouth Niggas know that I'm a monster on the East, but I'm huge in the South This is evil in the trenches and everybody starvin' So to get the money right we put the deisel on the benches "Down Bottom" feel like the ol' days Fuckin' with the corn liquor ridin' around listen to O'Jays When we loadin' the clip every slug gotta catch When you goin' to war every thug got his match SS baby-blue Impala with the mack in it Big gold cup with rhinestones with my pack in it It's like the jungle but the broads is fine And if they ain't puffin' crippie, then this Georgia fine Listen, I'm the wrong nigga to style with My motherfuckin' problem to reconcile with Nigga what  [Hook] We knockin' heads off, yeah We knockin' heads off, yeah We knockin' heads off, motherfuckin' heads off yeah We knockin' heads off, yeah We knockin' heads off, yeah We knockin' heads off, motherfuckin' heads off yeah You wanna go nigga Let's go ho You wanna go nigga Let's go ho You wanna go nigga Let's go ho You wanna go nigga Let's go ho What...what...what...what...what  [Lil' Jon] We lettin' it go nigga Let's go ho We lettin' it go nigga Let's go ho We lettin' it go nigga Let's go ho What...what...what...what...what Pussy...niggas...lay it...down Me and my...niggas...fixin'...clown Pussy...niggas...lay it...down Me and my...niggas...fixin'...clown We throw our...fuckin'...click up We give a fuck if you don't...like us We throw our...fuckin'...click up We give a fuck if you don't...like us Don't...like...them...niggas Can't...stand..that...bitch Don't...like...them...niggas Can't...stand..that...bitch We'll...shut the...club down If y'all...niggas...wanna clown We'll...shut the...club down Bitch...say...something now  [Hook]  [Lil' Jon] Whaaaat....Whaaaaat Y'all know when the beat breakdown and shit What's up, what's up It's time to get motherfuckin' buck wild in this biiiitch Now this what I want y'all niggas to do, what's up All the real niggas and ladies out there, OK Y'all need to repeat after me, right now I ain't scared of no nigga, I ain't scared of no bitch I ain't scared of nobody in ya motherfuckin' click I ain't scared of no nigga, I ain't scared of no bitch I ain't scared of nobody in ya motherfuckin' click Man fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit man Man fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit man Man fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit man Man fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit  [Hook]  [Lil' Jon] Yeah, BME ho, we up out this bitch Ruff Ryders ho, what's up But before we leave I gotta let my nigga tell you his name  [Styles] I'm Holiday Styles, where the fuck you thuggin' at I knock off ya head with a Louisville Slugger bat P'll go to war and ain't never have to bring a nigga My gun is armed and my bullets like a finger nigga Call up Lil' Jon and them East Side Boyz All I need is a lil' bomb and them East Side toys You can catch me in the Dirty South, I got a dirty mouth Sittin' on the roof with the fuckin' 30-30's out I told you I'm a menace y'all I got enough guns to fill up the Lennox Mall In the front parking lot, coke still movin' good Guns still sparke a lot Hustlin' with family, partyin' with murderers D-Block and everything, shit you probably heard of us Yeah I'm a Ryder nigga, you ain't got a gun Or a motherfuckin' knife, you ain't even gon' try us I'll leave you with a hole daddy And for the fact that I'm in the Dirty South I'll be bouncin' in the old Caddy What - motherfucker  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Pitbull! Lil' Jon Federico Franchi! Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... (Hey Hey Let's do it again Baby... Let's Do it...) Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... (We gotta do it again... Ha ha...) Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... (Let's make em go Krazy this time... oh oh) Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... (I don't think they ready Chico... They ain't ready man) Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... (Hit em one time...) Ehhhh Yooooooo  Latinas they get Krazy... Blanquitas they get Krazy... Negritas they get Krazy... Yo Mama she gets Krazy... (Let's go)  Latinas they get Krazy... (Hey)(Hey)(Let's Go) Blanquitas they get Krazy... (Hey) (Let's Go) Negritas they get Krazy... (Hey) (Let's Go) Yo Mama she gets Krazy... (Everybody)  Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy...  Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... I said Damn that's KRAZY... Let's get Krazy  [Pitbull] (EEEEEHHHHHH YOOOOOOOOO) Kanye no style / J Lo no ass Fifty no beef / Jay Z no cash Diddy no Biggie / Fat Joe no Pun Lil Jon no crunk / Dmc no Run Jeezy no coke / Katt Williams no Joke Mc Hammer still rich not broke (Yeeeah) Just imagine all this baby (Yeah) It's enough to make you go KRAZY... (Woooooo)  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Latinas they get Krazy... Blanquitas they get Krazy... Negritas they get Krazy... Yo Mama she gets Krazy... (Let's Go)  Latinas they get Krazy... (Hey)(Hey) Blanquitas they get Krazy... (Hey) (Let's Go) Negritas they get Krazy... (Hey) (Let's Go) Yo Mama she gets Krazy... (Everybody)  Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Krazy) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Krazy) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... I said Damn that's KRAZY...  [Pitbull] Iraq no war / U.S no Bush Cuba no Castro / Atlanta no cush Britney with no drama / Alicia with no Karma New York with no flava / The World with no Haters Obama with no color / Hillary with no Bill Pit with no Miami and soon with no deal Just imagine all this baby It's enough to make you go KRAZY... (Woooooo)  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Latinas they get Krazy... Blanquitas they get Krazy... Negritas they get Krazy... (Krazy) Yo Mama she gets Krazy... (Hey)  Latinas they get Krazy... (Hey)(Hey) Blanquitas they get Krazy... (Hey) (Let's Go) Negritas they get Krazy... (Hey) (Let's Go) Yo Mama she gets Krazy... (Everybody)  Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Now Jump up let's get Krazy...  Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (come on) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (come on) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (hey) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... Damn that's Krazy Break it down  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] In L.A they get Krazy (Hey) / Miami they get Krazy In New York they get Krazy (I see it) / Atlanta they get Krazy (ATL Baby) In London they get Krazy (a Huh) / in Paris they get Krazy (a Huh) In Rome they get Krazy (a Huh) / Ibizas they get Krazy (We gotta tell em) In Trini they get Krazy (Come on) / Jamaica they get Krazy (Come on) Australia they get Krazy (Come on ) / Japan they get Krazy (Let's Go) Cubanos they get Krazy (Let's Go) / Dominicanos they get Krazy Boricuas they get Krazy (Everybody put there hands up right now) Mexicanos they get Krazy (Everybody)  [Pitbull & Lil' Jon] Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump) Now Jump up let's get Krazy... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump) (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump)... (Jump) Damn that's Krazy  [Pitbull] Sube Sube Sube... Sube El Volumen Sube Sube Sube... Sube El Volumen Sube Sube Sube... Sube El Volumen Sube Sube Sube... Sube El Volumen Haha... Como It looks like we going to take over the game They ain't even see this one coming right here Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZY... Boom Boom I'mma make em go KRAZYYY...  [Intro: Lil Jon] Hey, hey! MGK Bitch! MGK Bitch! Yuhhh Lil Jon, Lil Jon (Kells) I need to see the motherfucking L's in the air! (Put 'em up)  [Bridge: Machine Gun Kelly] (x2) Ok, where the strong at? Right there, put me on that Hit it once and you're jumping like Mortal Kombat Smoking all the green they be looking like "where the lawn at?" And you know I'm gonna raise till I face up Fuck check-out time, we don't wake up Damn them EST boy's done came up Dirty-ass Chucks and a bad bitch, lace up Lace up (x5)  [Hook: Lil Jon] Where my Eastside muthafuckers? Laced Up! Where my Westside muthafuckers? Laced Up! Where my Northside muthafuckers? Laced Up! Southside muthafuckers? Laced Up! My Eastside muthafuckers? Laced Up! Westside muthafuckers? Laced Up! Northside muthafuckers? Laced Up! Southside muthafuckers? Laced Up!  [Verse 2: Machine Gun Kelly] All I know, all I know I am from the city where the grass don't grow I am from the city in the middle of the map Where half these muthafuckers that rap don't go All I know, all I know If I throw this cash then her ass get slow But I am from the city where the cash don't blow So I came up for myself and smash that ho Smash that ho, smash that ho Treat her like a Bop It and I pass that ho And I ain't saying nothing that my fans don't know I'm an EST boy till the casket close Six foot deep, six foot three Eight motherfuckers in the SUV Eight new states in a seven day week Whole world laced up like some brand new sneaks, yeah And they know I'm gonna raise till I'm face up Fuck check-out time, we don't wake up Damn these EST boy's done came up Dirty-ass Chucks and a bad bitch, lace up  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Lil Jon] Run through the motherfucking club, pushing Moving bitches out the fucking way, mush 'em Wave my drink in the motherfucking air, fuck it City and my muthafucking hood, I rep it Bitches getting out of fucking line, check 'em Right in the muthafucking nuts, sock 'em Drank too much muthafucking liquor, I'm fucked up L's in the muthafucking air, we laced up We laced up (x8)  [Hook]  [Hook : Mello] (Lil' Jon & The East Side Boys) Tell them niggas that be holdin' the wall: (FUCK Y'ALL!!) Hit the flow start shakin' it all (YES Y'ALL) What we drinking, no we drinking it all (EH) We gon do it 'til we can't or we fall, Last call Tell them mothafuckas holding the wall: (FUCK Y'ALL!!) Hit the flow start shaking it all (YES Y'ALL) What we drinking, no we drinking it all (EH) We gon do it 'til we can't or we fall, Last call  [Verse 1 : Mello] Now look here I'm gon' hit da club man, I'm gon' get some love I'm the coolest nigga ain't gon' spend more than a dub I'm gon' tell that broad and her chicken head friend No Ferrari, no Jag, no Bentley, or a Benz Might just play the wall with this mean look on my grill Act like I'm da hater, the Haitian from Hateville I remember her, act like she don't remember me When I was Cadillac'n, Coupe Deville'in, and chickenhead drillin'  [Hook]  [Verse 2 : Big Boi] I'm gon' get that fresh-fly fade and then I'm gon' get laid Like some finger-waves on pay day, my lady, you gon' get paid Making a early morning serenade for you to start your day Or the sound of a starter pistol fired close to where you lay Last call for alcohol, make a fast call for the hay The dirty [dot?] has informed me the drought has ended today With no delay And a, four piece grizzle we on our way For a brief stay in a sweet place for a petite face to lay  [Hook]  [Verse 3 : Slimm Calhoun] Them boys so wild, don't crack no smile Closet like the Wild Kingdom: fox, minks, and crocodiles Popped tops and what we drink, so sit back for a while Matter a fact, light that, and I'll be right back They want a couple more bottles I got something for 'em to swallow Anybody ever told you you look like a model? You know the story, she bit the hook, line, and follow Got my hooks in the back and I'm a grind until tomorrow They call me Mack Rapalicious, and when I bubble I blow trouble up, in your ear They call me Mack Rapalicicious, and when I bubble It's, trouble all up in you dear!  [Hook]  [Verse 4 : Mello] Yes, I know the way excite them hoes Me cold reptilian feet, bite them hoes Got a partner, oh his mind sick He say he loved this ol' coke-strung-out stripper bitch Why he so dumb? I'm so pimp it's ridiculous Got tinted windows on my ride I'm inconspicuous Run with this pretty thang She ain't yours you wish she was We don't stop, it's so repeated and continuous Mello Capone, Don Huggy Bear Pokey the fuckin' pimpolous, ain't that cute slick em, out their draws I'm so infamous Dead serious From the club, to the Caddy, to the Holiday Inn From the dusk til' the dawn we gon' do it again  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] STOP! IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKING REMIX!  [Intro: Mase] Uhhh!!! Yeah, Harlem is back (TS) Who in the world want a problem with that? (fo' real) I heard Harlem is back (You know we had to do the remix) Who in the world want a problem with that? (Lil Jon: Yeah! Eminem nigga!) Uhhh!!! Yeah, Harlem is back (Lil Jon: Lil Jon nigga!) Who in the world want a problem with that? (Lil Jon: Mason Betha!) I heard Harlem is back (Lil Jon: Fat Joe!) Who in the world want a problem with that? (Lil Jon: Let's go!)  [Hook: Fat Joe] Said my niggas don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back Come on I said my niggas don't dance we just pull up our pants And do the rockaway, now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back Come on  [Verse 1: Mase] You know it's deja vu, and the day yall do It'll be the day yall bleed Wrist minus 80 degrees King of Harlem ain't nobody made me leave Who else could take 5 years off? Cold turkey? Come back and fly lears off Cats front leave them leaning like Smirnoff If haters wanna hate then its their loss Come up in the Rucker with all my Jake's on Car grills so big you can cook a steak on People hear Mase call them wanna get their mase on You hot 16, I'm a very great song They beating on the DJ booth 'fore the Mase song You play Clark Kent, you better have your cape on Plenty homes Mansion many rooms My necklace, 2Xs and three Bentley bulls Lean back  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] Eminem, what's up! Hey!  [Verse 2: Eminem] You don't want no problems with Harlem You don't want no problems with the boogie down Bronxter You don't want no drama with the blond bomber Original Don Dada of the blond bottle, the model from White America Then Joe, the spokesperson for the Latino Then we got Mase back to re-per-e-sent E-ver-y-thing else in between Including the percentages of the rest we don't The best from each coast, the midwest to the dirty dirty Even further to Miami, all the way back to Californ-i-a It'd probably be best right now if I warn Dre to get on the horn and Tell him about the storm coming all our way So tell a pal, grab a gal right now, get on the floor while I wait Shake that ass a little more my way, but baby, I don't dance Not that I can't, there's a pistol in my pants Come on  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Fat Joe] No Judas or cowardice that Caine's brother Abel is able to stop me, nigga, NOT ME! Got the streets asking "Damn, who can top P?" Summer Jam killed it man they did it all with one beat I guess I'm bi-coastal now Took a down south brother to bring your boy out (WHAT?!) As the wheel keeps spinning I can hear niggas thinking Crack got one hit, then he out Nope! Joey bring them semi's out Force you and yours to pour a little Henny out So much rappers acting in the game I had to tell them put the mic away and run and get your Emmy's out Lean back, motherfuckers This here's a three peat we back at the Rucker It's Cook Coke Crack, preach it to ya, brother The mic more rap and preach you motherfuckers  [Hook]  [Outro: Lil Jon] Said my niggas don't dance we just pull out our gats And say blow your back away, fuck nigga Lean back, lean back Lean back, lean back I said my niggas don't dance we just pull out our gats And say blow your back away, bitch nigga Lean back, lean back Lean back, lean back HEY!  [Intro: Trick-Trick] Yeah! This your boy Trick Trick I got my dawg Ice Cube in this motherfucker (Lench Mob!) I got my dawg Lil Jon close by too Right about now I need everybody to get they motherfuckin hands up And wherever the fuck you from Let the whole club see it What! What! Like this!  [Hook: Lil Jon] Throw your hood up, nigga let me see it (let me see it) Throw your sets up high in the sky (in the sky) Let the whole club know that you in this bitch Throw your hood up, nigga let it fly (let it fly)  [Verse 1: Trick Trick] From 7 Mile, B.K. to Crenshaw to Camden to Bankhead All our homies get cheese (get cheese) Lynnwood to A-Z, Compton to Brook-nam Fifth Ward hitters pimp be (pimp be) School Craft to Grape Street, Harlem to 8th Street Ninth Ward killers throw it up (throw it up) Southwest to Brightmo', Puritan to 6 Mile Number streets won't hold 'em up (hold 'em up) Eastside you see the E's, Westside show the dubs Riders all around throwin fourths (throwin fourth) Blue and red flags up in the air hangin high And can see 'em C'in and B-walk (B-walk) Little G's khaki suited with French braids, AF-1's Ducati frames on beams (on beams) O.G.'s distributin them big thangs swingin them big chains Sportin that lil' teen (teen)  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Ice Cube] Yeah G-A-N-G-S-T-A (gangsta) S-H-I-T in a white tee (you know) I am the H-double-O-D Y'all niggas know me, the big double O.G. (yea-yea) Fuck the police, I used to roll goalie I used to hold these and drink down 40's All the rolies would come to control me I'm uncontrollable when I'm on some gold D's (ooh-ooooh!) Back the fuck up, I'm hard as concrete Sidewalk gun talk university Every hood's the same, up in Detroit I'm with Trick Trick, smoked about three joints On to bump one 'fore we hit the parkin lot After the fifth one niggas don't talk a lot Hit the club, mean mug, what you lookin at? (What you lookin at?) Who that bitch you with? I'll put a hook in that  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Lil Jon] If you true to yo' hood and you rep yo' set Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, throw it up Eastside, Westside, Southside, where you at? Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, throw it up What up cuz, cuz? What up Blood, Blood? Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, throw it up Midwest, West Coast, Dirty South, East Coast Throw it up, throw it up, throw it up, throw it up  [Hook]  [Outro: Ice Cube (Trick)] What up Trick Trick? (What up O.G.?) This your nigga Ice Cube (right) Now check this out, I'm in downtown Detroit (alright) On my way to the club (right) I find out, that the bitch I'm text messagin (uh-huh) Is the same bitch the mayor's text messagin (OHHH!) What niggas to do man? But keep it hood, fuck it  [Intro: Lil Jon]  [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] Before I Take another minute just to give everybody a movie They never seen I'mma hit em with another elbow Let me get up everybody, on your mark, so ya ready? Lets go WOW! Ok, here we go again you see the way Im blowin and Im like a mangala the way I be mangalin the beat They call me DRACULA then you see the FANGS goin in WOW! Uh huh, everybody know that I'mma come and I'mma go Then I gotta do it, I be coming in to do it Body the beat you know the way we do that at my show Keys to the ignition and step on the gas And bust a bottle a pour me shot in my glass Where we at where we at WHERE WE AT? And we back up in the building and we coming with a scorcher Y'all already know who it is its Busta Bust and Travis Barker Back seat of me see we gotta go when we hit The fire trucks everybody better know That we bout to let it blow and we gotta get it yo Everybody if you're rolling with me (Let's go)  [Hook: Lil Jon] Hey, lets go, lets go, lets go Hey, lets go, lets go, lets go Hey, lets go, lets go, lets go Hey, lets go, lets go, lets go  [Verse 2: Twista] I already spit it to the rhythm of the piano So now I gotta give the drummer some Put the T up on the track will be phenomenal Cause when it come to havin a hit I'mma have another one Blink 182 times when you the Twista with Travis, madness Kind of like a savage, grab it and murder it With the art like blood on the canvas And its kinda incredible how I spit it and get up Of middle intricate piles of a kick drum Diabolical, the lyrical flow thatll swallow if You theoretical thinking that you can get some I'mma hitem with the Lamborghini flow with the speed of a Bugatti Im from another planet when I spit a verse With the weed in my body. And imma Hurt em every time I get up in the booth Sipping on the liquor 182 proof Mad when they that shit they neva let me loose Outta the cage and seem what I'mma do Its Twista the jace and the rock on the track And hit cha with the Midwest flow Even if you ain't ready yet, all I gotta say is ready set, (let's go)  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Yelawolf] Drive by, hit you with the two piece combo while Im hangin out the window of your Daddys Lambo Scramble eggs, I got scrambled ammo Leave you on top of the water like a banana boat Yea Im an animal, everybodys edible and Yelawolf Is headed for your arm and hand and your - head, Im a cannibal Good heaven, the man's hoppin' the fence like a fucking antelope Soooo, send it to me in a minute when When you finish and I'll put him in a vice grip Put an end to the image and I'll send it to 'em via independent Fucking with the mic grill I might split pull the trigger back in a submarine with sub machine Loaded in a ocean hot deep, deep enough to keep the submarine imploded Promenade motherfucker, vamanos, it's me, and I'm sick of the prognosis Got more bars than Barney Fife And Ill put you behind them like howdy Opie I can make your mamma really proud to know me And your broke daddy is kinda down to loan me Give me fifty bucks in penny rolls just to be In one of my videos. Yea homie, let's go  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] Yeah (yeaaaahhhh!) There's a lot of fuck niggas in the club tonight (fuck 'em fuck 'em fuck 'em) But its gonna be aight (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Cause me and my clique we don't give a fuck nigga Trick Daddy, Jim Johnson, Big D, Lil Jon  [Hook: Lil Jon] Let's Gooooo! (Let's gooooo!) If you want it you can get it let me know (let me know) I'm bout to fuck a nigga up Let's gooooo (Let's gooooo!) If you want it you can get it let me know (let me know) I'm bout to fuck a nigga up Let's gooooo (Let's gooooo!)  [Verse 1: Trick Daddy] If you want some, come get some Cause where I'm from we tote big guns And everybody know somebody that Know somebody that know somethin' bout it And I want answers now Who, what, where, when and why See, a lot of dudes like to act a fool And all get all loud but that ain't my style Now, he who he gonna get and what he gonna do Run up on me if he want to Out there impressin' his homies But he stood up in front of his momma I mop up the flo' with him And I kick in the door and let the fo-fo get him I got fools that'll go get him This for him, his crew and the dudes that run with him  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Twista] Gotta spit it for the murderers and the killers and the thugsters That be fuckin' up the ballers and the dealers and the hustlers Got me comin' at you bogus in the V.I While they bumpin' Lil Jon, I'mma brush ya It's the psycho nigga Twista from Chicago Rollin' with the Miami nigga, that'll crush ya We already been lookin' for drama If a nigga try to get into it, but what if, we still gotta get him Feelin' fury from my tough shit that can't never be true and no penicillin I'm telling you Trick I'm finna steal 'em Got me swingin' Crissy and Hennessey bottles in the club In the club with my thug homies goin' for ya scrilla Don't get it twisted with that "Overnight Celebrity" You better be scared Of me, in my city I'm a killer  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Trick Daddy] I ain't that rappin' type arright And I that actin' type arright That soft ain't in my script I'm a playa, you, you just a square See, once that Hennessy into me The whole industry is my enemy (My enemy) If you ain't no kin to me or friend to me Bitch, don't pretend to be Yeah, I'm strictly for the thugs I'm part of the streets and straight out the hood Got moments ghetto (Ghetto) And I don't even needs the gats for you weasly cats I'm straight out the county of Dade 3-0-5, nigga M-I-A Never gone south of the border America's most wanted, you gon' get slaughtered  [Hook] - repeat 2X  [Outro: Trick Daddy] The AK go chop, chop, chop, chop The SK go fire, fire, fire, fire The AK go chop, chop, chop, chop The SK go fire, fire, fire, fire  [Intro] Lemme see you go round and round [x4]  [Hook: Pleasure P] In Stilettos, she in the middle of the club Need a medal for all the junk up in her trunk Shawty dance like a stripper She dance like a stripper She dance like a stripper When she tipsy on patron With a body (body) like she workin on the pole Shawty got it (got it) the way she pop it outta control Shawty dance like a stripper She dance like a stripper She dance like a stripper When she out there getting low  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] Shake it off (shake it off) Shake it down (shake it down) Don't stop (don't stop) To the ground (to the ground) Pick it up (pick it up) Put it down (put it down) Lemme see you go round and round (round and Put it up (put it up) Push it back (push it back) Make it jump (make it jump) Make it cry (make it cry) Like that (like that) Like that (like that) Make a nigga wanna hit it from the back Yo neck Yo back Pop that ass and that cat Get it girl, that thing too fat Ride the dick just like that  [Pre-Hook] Round and round you go (go) [x4]  [Hook: Pleasure P]  [Verse 2: Shawty Putt] Heart breaker Money maker Booty shaken on the floor Couple shots and then patrons She start dancing like a ho Bend it over Touch them toes Girl you do that like a pro You know you bad with all that ass Show me what it's made for Shake it to the left Shake it to the right Shake it to the front Now shake it back Pop that back Twist the cap Whatcha gon do with all that, giiiirl?  [Pre-Hook]  [Hook: Pleasure P]  [Bridge: Pleasure P (Lil Jon)] Ladies on the dance floor Ladies by the bar Ladies in the soul club Shaking like a star If it's your song girl Bend over show the world If it's your song girl Bend over show the world (How low can you go (go) [x4] Take it to the floor (floor) [x4])  [Hook: Pleasure P]  Lemme see you go round an round [x8]  Hey!!! (HEY!) Ladies and gentlemen (YEAH!) It's time to party! (PARTY!) So that means, (WHAT?) While I'm at my mother fucking table, (UH HUH) And I'm trying to dance (UH HUH) Don't fucking talk to me! (LET'S GO!)  [Hook: Play-N-Skillz & Lil Jon]  A shot of vodka? I can't Tequila? I can't After party? (PARTY, PARTY, PARTY) I can't Literally, I can't. (EW) Literally, I can't. (EW) Literally, I can't. (EW) Literally, I can't. (EW) Literally I can't (LET'S GO!) Wanna dance? I can't Where your friends? I can't Girl on girl? I can't Literally, (EW) I can't Literally, (EW) I can't Literally, (EW) I can't Literally, (EW) I can't OMG, STFU! SHUT THE FUCK UP!  [Verse 1: Redfoo]  Redfoo!!!!! (OH! LET'S ROCK!) Yo! We in the club We bottle poppin' We sippin' that bubbly We-we-we Party Rockin' You got a big ol' butt I can tell by the way you're walkin But you annoying me...cause you're talkin.(STFU!) Bounce on the pogo Jump on the jack hammer Get low low low While I Instagram ya Shhh, don't talk about it, Be about it Work it and twerk it, and maybe I'll tweet about it They'll read about it And you could be winnin' I said jump on the pole I didn't MEAN your opinion Gurrrrl i'm sipping on this drink I'm tryna see what you got Not tryna hear what you think  [Hook: Play-N-Skillz & Lil Jon]  A shot of vodka? I can't Tequila? I can't After party? I can't Literally, I can't Literally, I can't Literally, I can't Literally, I can't OMG, STFU SHUT THE FUCK UP!  [Verse 2 Enertia McFly]  Look...I'm tryna get your fine ass on the dance flo Girl I wanna see you get low Go ahead and bring it up slow You're booty in my hand is my new motto Got the face of a model Put your lips on my bottle Let me see you take it to the head Girl I know that you can I don't wanna hear no Girl have you heard of my new super friends? Play-N-Skillz, Redfoo and Lil Jon they comin' in And turn the party to a crazy mad house Going all night until I just black out After I do all that we can make out Girl you know what Enertia all about  [Hook: Play-N-Skillz & Lil Jon]  A shot of vodka? I can't Tequila? I can't After party? I can't Literally, I can't. (EW) Literally, I can't. (EW) Literally, I can't. (EW) Literally, I can't. (EW) Literally, I can't Wanna dance? I can't Where your friend? I can't Girl on girl? I can't Literally, (EW) I can't Literally, (EW) I can't Literally, (EW) I can't Literally, (EW) I can't OMG, STFU! SHUT THE FUCK UP!  [Hook] Look at the grill (4x) (2x) This for my niggas with the bank roles (look at the grill on my pimp mobile) This for my niggas with the pretty cars (look at the grill on my pimp mobile) This for my niggas who got all the hoes (look at the grill on my pimp mobile) This for my niggas who don't give a fuck (look at the grill on my pimp mobile)  [T.I.] (hey! Grand Hustle Bad Boy south lets ride nigga) Chevy super clean, two or three screens Watch a nigga be to the left I lean 50 karats in the crown, niggas no more sceam Just to let you sucker niggas know I'm the king This green I smoke we call it drow It's deadly as promethazine You see my folk we ain't no joke Don't turn this into a murder scene I'm paranoid totin' this .44 Been shootin' out since my early teens I'mma drop that though grab a M-16 You can bring all the niggas you want to bring Hey! I thought you were running things All you did was run the screens Must be out his mind thinkin T.I.P. won't touch 'em See ya I'mma rush ya "Let it Burn" like Usher Click, click, bang you can end the discussion Ain't shit sweet cause I seen you was bluffin I steal would spray broad day ain't nothing And let Mac Boney AK do it for me I'm immune to the drama, act a fool if you wanna Lean in my pocket, 40 calb by the stomach He acting' like he want it, I'm show a nigga somethin Somebody finna to have to break the news to his momma I don't tolerate sucka niggas tryin me Take a special kinda nigga to be fly as me Similar to 8ball and MJG been coming that hard since 93 Niggas know, ain't no out shinning me I've been the G you're trying' to be I mob with gorillas, squaders and robbers And killers real niggas gone ride wit me  [Hook] (2x)  [Twista] Take a look at my wheels, rolling through the south Still spinning and I'm still smoking heavy Look at both of my grills, my motherfucking mouth Looking just like the rims on the chevy Pimp twist I'm a playa still, ballin' in the game come major bills Come and take a trip with me to hater Ville On some 24 omegas and gator grill Fuck a twist. fuck you bitch I don't really wanna have to bust you bitch Roman gold shine so hard Niggas out here know they can't touch that shit I don't trip, niggas pull up I be lookin' proud when I bust that dutch Specially when I look at the mac in the black Cadillac And the bubbles in the hummer truck When you see a nigga cruise through Niggas try to jack you and loose my coop is by the kennel wheels Mother fucker wanna take my style Cause niggas out here know I'm only fucking with the bonnet grills And the haters wanna see me fall How can I let y'all niggas play me Shited on their good then I pull up From my vehicle while bumpin' 8 Ball & MJG Twista bitch and I from the shy With my memphis connect and I ain't going' lie We be specializing in and up coming with dope shit And pulling up in cool whips that's fly Still drink, still blow, then I creep through the hood real slow While I bump kamikaze shit, while I scream look at my grill ho  [Hook] (2x)  [8ball] Old grill smile, wiling out up in the VIP The club close at five 'o'clock, we pulling up around three Wood grain wheel gripping, Cinderella sipping I like my jewelry golden like a piece of fried chicken Money players is demon like I'm willy beaming Like a bitch that practice sucking dick and drinking semen She sceaming dreaming, wishing she can be my number one Forever young, mama I just wanna' to have some fun  [MJG] Don't try to ever take my cash from me You mine as well, jump of a cliff you fucking crash dummy Like that's my last money This for my niggas who be bussin' back to perpetrators We don't discriminate, we'll hurt now hurt you later But I ain't worried, I smoke one on you fucking haters And I'm hidding gators on the refrigerator Down south memphis Tenn. pimpin' gotta rep it The third I did, that nigga rugg, boy that nigga pimpin  [Hook] (2x)  [Intro: Usher (Lil Jon)] Usher (Lil Jon, Ludacris!!) Yea man, once again its on (It's on) You know we had to do it again right (We had to do it again boy!! I want you to sing to these niggas man) Uh Oh Oh Oh I guess I'll go first Let me at em Check me out Lets get em  [Usher] Baby how you doing? hope that you're fine Want to know what you got in mind and I Got me feenin' like Jodeci girl I can't leave you alone Take a shot of this here patron and its gon' be on V-I-P done got way too crowded I'm about to end up callin it a night She should holla at your girl tell her that your shaking the scene Pulled off beep beep shotgun in the GT with me She said Oooooohhhhh!! I'm ready to ride (I was like) yea Cause once you get inside you can't change you mind Don't mean to sound impatient but you gotta promise baby Ooh!!  [Hook] Tell me again (Tell me again my baby) That we'll be lovers and friends (Ohh! I gotta know baby, oh yea) Tell me again Make sure you're right oh before we began That we'll be lovers and friends (Ooh! oh its a good look baby)  [Ludacris] Talking: (Really good look baby, look here)  Sometime wanna be your lover sometime wanna be your friend Sometime wanna hug hold hands slow dance while the record spins Opened up your heart cause you said I made you feel so comfortable Used to play back then now you all grown up like Rudy Huxtable I could be your +Bud+ you could beat me up Play fight in the dark then we both make up I do, anything just to feel yo butt Why you, got me so messed up I don't know but you gotta stop tripping Be a good girl now turn around and get these whippings You know you like it like that You don't have to fight back here's a pillow bite that And I'll be setting separate plays So on all these separate days your legs can go they separate ways  [Hook] Tell me again (Tell me again my baby) That we'll be lovers and friends (Ohh! its a good look baby) Tell me again (Tell me over and over and over again) That we'll be lovers and friends Make sure you're right before you choose  [Lil Jon] I's been knowing you for a long time (shawty) But fucking never crossed my mind (shawty) But tonight I seen something in you (shawty) That made me wanna get with you (shawty) You ain't been nothing but a friend to me (shawty) And a nigga never ever dreamed we'd be (shawty) Up in here kissing, hugging, squeezing, touching (shawty) Up in the bathtub rub-a-dubbing (shawty) Are you sure you wanna go this route (shawty) Let a nigga know before I pull it out (shawty) I would never ever cross the line (shawty) Shawty let me hear you tell me one more time One more time  [Hook] Tell me again (Tell me again my baby) That we'll be lovers and friends (Ohh! its a good look baby) Tell me again (Make sure you're right oh before we leave) That we'll be lovers and friends (Tell me over and over and over we can)  [Usher vocalizing] Ah, ah, oooooooo Ah, ah, oooooooo Ah, ah, oooooooo, yea  [Ludacris (Lil Jon)] 3x Please tell your lovers and friends That Ursher, Jon and Luda had to do it again (Heyy!!)  [Intro] G-UNIT!! Aiyyo if you got more than a hundred dollars in your pocket Aiyyo make some noise in this bitch Cause I'm gettin money like a muh'fucker y'all (YEAH!)  [Young Buck] Work for the money money (c'mon) do ya thang now Work for the money money (get it, get it) put it down now Work for the money money (c'mon) do ya thang now Work for the money money (get it, get it) put it down now Work for the money money (c'mon) do ya thang now Work for the money money (let's go!) put it down now Work for the money money (c'mon) do ya thang now Work for the money money (get it, get it) put it down now  26's got me big big wheelin Money over bitches, I'mma get me a million Thangs done changed, I'm hotter than a flame So it's no time for me to beef with Jada, Joe or Game (Game) Diamonds in my chain (chain) a Chevy in my yard And a baby blue Phantom that I keep in the garage (uh-oh!) C'mere, let me talk to you, show you what my grill 'bout Ice like Paul Wall but I can't take mine out (YEAHHH!) Let's play the game "Big Bank Take Lil' Bank" Flood it like Katrina, make sure that your ship sank (damn!) You would think money's growin on trees The way your boy run through a couple hundred G's Fresh white tee 'bout to get my hustle on (yeah!) I ain't goin to the club, 'til all my work gone (C'MON!) I'm leanin on the leather, and grippin on the wood And I can build whatever, you know my money good, yeah  [Hook: Young Buck] If can get money (money) I be in the hood (hood) I be stackin paper like a real nigga should My money good - GET MONEY!! We ballin in the hood Money good - GET MONEY!! We ballin in the hood I be pimpin hard (hard) and I got them hoes (hoes) You ain't gotta ask me, you already know My money good - GET MONEY!! We ballin in the hod Money good - GET MONEY!! We ballin in the hod  [Young Buck] I got my mind on my money (money) my money on my mind (mind) I'm good in the hood so you know I'm gon' shine Get you some, get you some, get you some, get you some Get you some, get you some, get you some, get you some (YEAHHHH!) I'm sellin everythang (thang) and savin every dime (dime) I'm good in the hood so you know I'm gon' shine Get you some, get you some, get you some, get you some Get you some, get you some, get you some, get you some (YEAHHHHH!)  Fifty for the watch (watch) a hundred for the bracelet I'm headed to the top (top) I can damn near taste it I represent my block (block) and give away the ones (c'mon!) The hustle never stops so my job is never done (ayy!) So tell me what it costs (costs) and show me who the boss (boss) Put your money where your mouth is, I'mma break him off (break him off) If you wanna know the reason why I act like that I can fit a half a mil' in this Louie backpack, yeah  [Hook] w/ ad libs  [Young Buck] Go and do your thang (thang) just don't get caught Let your money talk (HEY!) I let my money talk for me If shorty wanna hate, then tell the bitch to walk Let your money talk (HEY!) I let my money talk for me  Call me what you want, but you can't call me broke (broke) Cause gettin big bags of money's all we know (know) Marble floors in the projects, ghetto millionaire All this Gucci in my closet, I don't know what to wear (yeah!) Bentley outside by the ice cream truck (truck) Just ride through the hood, ask 'em if they seen Buck (Buck) Thought I wouldn't make it, but look at me now That's why I painted the Benz the same color as Cristal (LET'S GO!)  [Hook] w/ ad libs  [Outro] GET MONEY!! Hey, GET MONEY!! GET MONEY!! Hey, GET MONEY!!  [Intro: R. Kelly (Lil Jon)] Aye Uh huh Uh Huh (Let's go ladies) Lil Jon (Yeah) Your Boy Kells (Yeah)  This is for the Chocolate girls All Around the word Uh Every block Every club Every hood I'm in love  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] So sweet, so round, so thick So nasty ooh I love that shit So smooth, so creamy Goddamn it I must be dreaming So jiggly, so soft Goddamn it I wanna break you off So hot you gon melt Eat you all up by myself Girl I can't wait to unwrap ya It's a chocolate fix I'm after So tasty, my treat Miss Chocolate let me get a little piece I'm cuckoo for cocoa So good I want me some more I'm caught up I need to stop it Goddamn I love you Miss Chocolate!  [Hook: Mario] Talking to my silky smooth, dark skin, chocolate, women Independent, this is yalls anthem I like them light skinned girls But that dark skin I love Chocolate girls stand up This is yalls anthem  [Verse 2: R. Kelly] Talking about hips Talking about thighs Talking about big ol' booties and brown eyes Chocolate, that's what I gotta have tonight Leave up out the club with two tonight Take shots then more shots Then we drink like we own the bar And she's pushing that all on me Conversation like let's just leave And I don't hesitate (No) To the crib right away She dropping it Dropping it That Chocolate Chocolate  [Hook: Mario]  [Verse 3: Mario] Had a red bone chick before She don't do it like you do So I know what I want tonight Fly On a chocolate high Baby girl your thick in all the right places Let me lick that chocolate baby I wanna taste it Think I'm in love (with your dark skin) Said I'm in love with Miss Chocolate!  [Hook: Mario]  [Bridge: R. Kelly (Mario)] Uh I gotta have that dark chocolate (Can you give it to me, give it to me?) Tonight, I wanna taste (Oh yeah) that dark chocolate (Can you give it to me, give it to me?) In my bed I gotta have (Ooh give it to me, give it to me) That dark chocolate Aye Oh oh Aye Oh oh Aye Let me hear the chocolate ladies say Aye Yo! (Aye Yo...) Ay ay ay ay ay ay ay yay Ayyyy yo! (Aye yooo oh) Ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay [echo] This is yalls anthem  [Hook] (x2) Ford, Oldsmo's & Chevy's,(muscle cars) General Motors and my Dodge Hemi, (muscle cars) Cutlass, Stangs, Cougars. (muscle cars) (In traffic) Falcons, 90 Chevelles, Caprice Classics.(muscle cars)  [E-40] Not out of the local news paper, but out the Auto Trader Cleaner, than virgin coochie, my nigg', one owner Cutlass, playa' The beat wrapped in monster cables, the speakers thumpin Trunk soundin like Godzilla, and King Kong, back there thumpin All we do is WIC, and get high and petal and push! Organic weed, mystery weed, just Purple Kush! I cut the the wheel well, on my whip, and filled that bitch up And now muscle car sittin up high like a monster truck Monster up', suck up to none, don't be no poodle Split his pack open like pack of Top Ramen noodle In the heart of the soil, where you can find me Try me fuck boi', and get your face put on a white tee 40, Turf Talk and Keak the Sneak They maynee' ass voices, and they styles is hekka unique High speed chase's and runnin lights Water in the duals, make loud glass pipes  [Hook]  [Keak Da Sneak] Four barrel carburetor, four speed Tranny Dual exhaust dipped in sauce My car is a beast! Catch me in the streets side ways threw the east Side-Boi', crunk like Lil' Jon Show 40, and Mac Keak the last don East Oakland the land of the side show Richmond, Frisco, to the Valley Jo' I'm ridin side ways, this way and that way Doors open, while in traffic Hold the door open, (Hello!) Shit'n on em', no front'n 455 got me run'n up on Aston Martins We run from dem on streets, not the freeway B&M shift kit (kirrrk) me and Danny Phea On my celly cell straight lace with no fuckin juice Mobbin in my Ol' skool, like Lil' Bruce'  [Hook]  [Turf Talk] Four 15's, beat supreme Told niggas fuck Rally's, ride gold one's mayne' Mother's off candid, don't hate cause I ain't me Race, foo, smoke in yo' face, foo' Supercharger, push this button and my engine start up Pistol tucked Might be premiered, but my engine souped up Quick to the floor, when you open yours Don't scratch my doors. 350' I push heavy Not a Ford it's a (Chevy), (Chevy), (Chevy) First owner, not too many miles on her We rep the BAY, we don't rep California, (I'm lie'n...) I'm run you for your car note Why you don't got SS's in front of your Monte Carlo? Residence full of white folks I'm leave fresh tire marks top of they asphalt  [Hook]  [Bridge] (X5) You got muscle car? You fuck'n wit' dem Muscle cars?  [Hook: Lil Jon] Bitch nigga you can neva eva Eva eva Eva eva, eva eva eva eva Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!)  [Verse 1: Dirty Mouth] Get the fuck back, get the fuck back already I ain't playing nann day Prove a nigga what you say Meet me anywhere, I don't care It don't matter to me Cause if you fucking step I'mma step in your vicinity What, you think I'm a ho? Nigga please! You ain't on my level Get some rank, bitch While I'm digging your grave with a shovel Time after time I ask myself Is it really clever for you to get with me? Bitch nigga you can never ever Rank on my level, I push a Chevrolet pedal If you niggas fuck with me I got that chrome Heavy metal Never settle for less but always strive for the best Most these niggas playing chief will put you straight to the test [Hook]  [Verse 2: Don Peezy] Look at my Benz, look at my Ac' Look at my Navi' and my 'LacGet on my level? Hell nah never that I knew you wasn't real cause all ya do is chit-chat Always slizzle-making Sure I stay gone Call us some broad to the Georgia Dome Trying to get with me is like naps through a comb They call me Don P aka "Corleone" Up in the club with my Cartiers on Don't know if I'm high, drunk, or getting my roll on He on the cell "Can ya hear me?" Hell nah Get on my level That's what I'm trying to tell y'all  [Hook]  [Verse 3: LA] LA off in this thing, get up on my level, ho! Bitch nigga, you can never ever, ever ever hang Bitch nigga step the fuck back, and if you think I'm jokin' Ask them niggas that tried to play us See 'em lying off in that coffin Trillville, ATL swanging, swanging, throwing bows Got some niggas that be hating busting slugs at my foes If you thinking you can fuck with a nigga like me Nah nigga. Get rich Trillville and BME What the fuck you talking about? What, you deep? Nigga what! If a hater wanna hate then a hater getting bust We ain't hard to find, nigga, so why you steadily talking shit? I'm fixing to sick my dogs, ho Pussy nigga, get big, nigga-ho  [Verse 4: Lil' Scrappy] Get crunk out your brains when I spit this verse I'm a blood-sucking vampire, my venom is worse Head Bustas deal with dangerous thirsts Shatter your bones in your chest and make your motherfuckin' heart burst Don't worry now, best of the South on the map Knock your thoughts out and leave your brains on your lap Don't touch my Kangol, shorty... what's wrong with you? I might drop my fist back and knock your grill through  [Oobie] There's something, that I gotta tell ya' Cause I know, that a brother got needs tonight I ain't trippin' on ya' pimpin' cause that shit's tight But you gotta pay tonight, tonight, tonight  (Chorus) I know you wanna get laid tonight But I'm tryin' to get paid tonight We ain't even gotta fuss and fight Just hit me right, it's on all night I know you wanna get in bed with me But you gotta come correctly Nothin' in life is free, especially not me  [Verse 1--Oobie] I hope you...can feel me When I say pay before you play with me Wanna taste this....but it's priceless It might be something you aint never done before, but I'm not your ordinary ho  (Chorus)  [Verse 2Big Sam] I fell off in the club (shawty) Not lookin' for love (shawty) But I'm lookin' for a girl (shawty) One I could cut (shawty) Like lil mama in the blue (shawty) So got damn cute (shawty) But she say she need cheese (shawty) Before she dip with me (shawty) Well let me see (shawty) What it might be (shawty) And what's your fee (shawty) For my fantasy (shawty) Now I ain't rich (shawty) But I spend a lil bit (shawty) So who you wit? (shawty) Let's do this shit (shawty)  (Chorus)  [Interlude] There's something I gotta tell ya' Before you lay with me tonight I ain't got no problem with fly by nights But you gotta pay tonight tonight tonight  [Verse 3--Lil' Jon] What you talkin' 'bout? (shawty) That didnt come out ya mouth (shawty) You say you want some cash (shawty) Before I hit that ass (shawty) I'm not yo' boy (shawty) I ain't no toy (shawty) Don't play no games (shawty) Cause I ain't lame (shawty) But for my girl (shawty) I'll give her the world (shawty) Ain't no thang (shawty) To give up that change (shawty) I ain't rich (shawty) But I spend a lil bit (shawty) So who you wit? (shawty) Let's do this shit (shawty)  (Chorus)  [Oobie] Now I'll be there for you If you want me to And I'll be by ya' side If the price is right Take care of me And I'll take care of you Nothin in life is free  Ohhh, yeahhh I gotta get paid, ooh Now if you want me Come correctly It might be something you aint never done before But I'm not your ordinary ho  [Verse One: Oobie] I'm sittin knee on top of you Doin' things that lovers do But I don't belong to you What's a girl suppose to do? You give me one night with you To make all our dreams come true You could never be my man You can be my one night stand  [Hook] Boy I know you've gotta a girl And you know I've gotta man So lets's both respect the game And have a one night stand  Everybody wanna know But they wouldn't understand So let's keep it on the low And have a one night stand  [Verse two: Oobie] Well it's about a quarter to three And no one's lookin it's just you and me You know I'm down for whateva and I aim to please But it's only for this one night  Boy I hope that you'll come well prepared Cause I want you to know that I ain't ever scared You just wanna fuck R.S.V.P and I'll be there But it's only for this one night  [Hook]  [Verse three: Lil Jon] Shawty let me know what's up wit it Won't you let a real thug hit it Stop playin' with these lames ain't got not shame the liquor is the blame I just gotta tell you this Those lips I wanna kiss That ass I gotta grab Yo shit I gotta stab I've got my baby momma You've got yo baby daddy We ain't got all night lil momma get it right yo shit is good and tight I' ain't bout' them games shawty You know my name shawty  Just use yo brains if you know what I'm sayin' This one night stand shawty  [Hook]  {Bridge One} If you know how to keep a secret You can get it fa' sho' Just make sure you get enough Cause you can't get it no more  If you know how to keep a secret You can get it fa' sho' Just make sure you get enough Cause you can't get it no more  [Verse Four: Big Sam] Come and ride out wit' cha' boy Big Sam big filled with Almond Joy Like I told you I'm somethin like a freak So keep the games for the middle of the week Girl you look so pretty Wit' cho' big ol' ass and yo tengo bitties Red bone 5'7, 5'9 For one night I gotta make you mine And I know you gotta man shawty And you know I gotta wife shawty So let's strap it up I hope the pussy's tight Cause I got one night shawty  {Bridge two} I'm not tryna' be yo girlfriend Let's have a one night stand  And you can never be my boyfriend Let's have a one night stand  [Hook]  {Bridge three} Can you be my man? (Only for one night) And I'll be yo girl (Only for one night) If you be my man (Only for one night) Then I'll be yo girl only for one night  [Hook: Oobie] Ooh Na Na Naa Naa; I'm so horny and I want you to fuck me I'm tired of masturbating got my body shaking no orgasm faking with me Ooh Na Na Naa Naa; I'm so horny and I want you to fuck me I hope you're ready for love, cause I got more than enough Come bust a beautiful nut up on me  [Verse 1--Oobie] Now I'm just sitting in my lingerie, sipping on some Alize Trying to figure all the ways I can make you say Ooh Baby, right there, don't stop Put it in you're mouth, twirl it round til' you make it pop Now I'm gonna make you sweat, when you go down in between my legs You gon be fantasizing bout these lovely thighs It's gon' be hypnotizing won't you come on and see  [Repeat Hook]  [Devin the Dude] I see your pussy lips smiling Been grinning like they want something up in 'em I been wanting to ask you for some but didn't want to offend you But now I see you bout as freaky as me I busted two nuts already now you waiting for number three You ask me what will it take to get me hard again I say saliva but see you ain't down for swallowing You'd rather have it on your skin you wanna rub it in Move your tongue like that once more girl I'm bout to nut again Fuck your friends in your business ask me why I call everyday And why your face is so clean just tell 'em Oil of Olay I thought I could girl you could do miles Lay on your side raise up your legs let me see that beautiful smile Awww yeah, I'mma put it all in there And you relax but then you ask me to pull your hair And I'll do it you'll scream but the nut won't last Cause right before you know it Splash!!  [Hook] - 2x  [Verse 3--Lil Jon/Big Sam] Dick suck my dick suck Shawty want you to put it on me Rough sex, fuck fest Let me put ya to test Up & down in and out Put that dick back in yo mouth You take the cream I'mma make you cream You dick fiend I'mma pussy fiend Role play, fantasy, Hennessy, ecstasy Hard fast not slow after this they ain't gon want no mo' Lay you down, pick you up, speed it up you wit me boy Doggy style buck wild I'll leave yo ass screaming aahh! (Big Sam) Goddamn don't stop cum rising to the top Girl you suck dick so good make me wanna call the cops And it don't make no sense the way you suck the dick The way you lick from the shaft to the dome of the dick Goddamn can't lie girl I love the shit Strap up, get head fuck the shit I don't ?? Cause I'm big Sam baby, I'll rock yo world baby I lay the kinda pipe that make yo turls curl baby  [Outro] Ooh Na Na Naa Naa I'm so horny Ooh Na Na Naa Naa So touch me baby Na Na Naa Naa I know that you want me Ooh Na Na Naa Naa So come on bust one for me Ooh Na Na Naa Naa I'm so horny Ooh Na Na Naa Naa And I want you baby Ooh Na Na Naa Naa I see it's nice and hard for me Ooh Na Na Naa Naa So come and skeet it on me  [Lil' Jon - Intro] YEAAAAAH~!!! Everybody in the club right now (What's up) If you standin around (WHAT?!) You need to get THE FUCK up outta here!! (GET OUT!!) Cause when we come to the club (Wassup?) We like to get FUCKIN CRAZY!! (CRAAAAA-ZEE!!) You know what?! LET'S - FUCKIN' - LOSE IT!!  [Hook] Get outta your mind!! Get outta your mind!! Get outta your mind!! Fuck that shit, get outta your mind!! Get outta your mind!! Get outta your mind!! Get outta your mind!! Fuck that shit, get outta your mind!!  [Lil' Jon] I'm a semi truck, no fuckin brakes Outta control like a bull out the gate Get drunk, I'd get the FUCK out the way We get bananas like a group full of apes (HOO!) I done lost it, you flossin I'm over here with my niggas in a mosh pit (YEAH!) Throwin elbows, scuffin shell-toes IS THAT NIGGA DEAD?! Who the FUCK knows!! Shake them dreads like a motherfuckin rasta Go dumb like a motherfuckin monster You an imposter, you drinkin water We drinkin Patron and takin it wit vodka  [Interlude] .(I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck) FUCK IT! (I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck) FUCK IT! (I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck) FUCK IT! I DON'T GIVE A FUCK! FUCK IT! (I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck) FUCK IT! (I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck) FUCK IT! (I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck) FUCK IT! LET'S - FUCKIN' - LOSE IT!!  [Hook]  [Redfoo] (Lil' Jon) Grab that bottle (WHAT?!) Twist that cap (WHAT?!) Hold it in the air then tip it back I'm drunk as hell (WHAT?!) I'm on Patron I really don't dance {BUT I'm IN THE ZONE} MOVE, BITCH~!!! Get out the way I'm runnin over niggas like a runaway train I grab my beer, you do the same SHAKE THAT SHIT and MAKE IT RAIN!!!  [Interlude + Hook]  [Sky Blu] (Lil' Jon) Flip cup, tip cup, beer pong, SHOTS Niggas on the Goose, bitches on my jock Bar-ten-der, gimme whatcha got! (WHAT?!) I'm dancin on the table like a nigga smokin rocks! HAH - Get OFF me!! I'm checkin motherfuckers like a nigga playin hock-ey Yeah, I'm in the penalty box I FUCKED up, I'm takin TOO MANY SHOTS!!!  [Interlude + Hook]  [Hook] I ain't really here to play no games, Girl You already know my name, Yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang, Yeah (Girl singing) I ain't really here to play no games, Girl You already know my name, Yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang, Yeah (Girl singing)  [Verse 1: Fat Joe] Ain't no tellin' what a bitch will do For the dough, she'll probably get on four and fuck the crew Down south, Up north be the same ass bitches Man locked up but mama watchin' the children Talkin' bout my neck my back Bitch you better learn how to chop rocks if you wanna get with Crack Ughh, I been in love once, at least I though that 'til I fucked around and hit a broad back Got burnt, Now you figure the rest Dick hurt like I'm pissin' baguettes, now I'm livin' depressed Should have known better than to trust a ho Especially she wanna know how much doe you hold Cause there ain't too many real bitches If you got one hold on, don't wanna be nobody's meal ticket And you know it don't mean shit to me Cause you know, Bitches ain't shit to me What?  [Hook] I ain't really here to play no games, Girl You already know my name, Yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang, Yeah (Girl singing) I ain't really here to play no games, Girl You already know my name, Yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang, Yeah (Girl singing)  [Verse 2: Trick Daddy] You see the problem is them busta ass niggas you been fuckin' with Always bought ya shit, but never taught ya shit Did he ever tell you some things that a playa do And made you aware that life is more than a hairdo Boy I tell ya, Best to deal with them real niggas And stay far away from fuck niggas Don't be a sucka, Hell at least not from nothin' All this suckin' and fuckin' a bitch better have somethin' I need something that's compatible Not nothin young and dumb and full of cum, But one that's edible I bet a, nigga like T Double Get it wetter, Suck and fuck'em better than the average nigga I need a girl thats into tryin' thangs So I can put it in her mouth, Fa real ain't into mind games I know shes a mama girl and I'm a street nigga Once we get together, I'll bet you she'll sleep better  [Hook] I ain't really here to play no games, Girl You already know my name, Yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang, Yeah (Girl singing) I ain't really here to play no games, Girl You already know my name, Yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang, Yeah (Girl singing)  [Verse 3: Lil Jon & Big Sam] (Lil Jon) A-T-L nigga, Shawty pimpin' how I put it down Grindin' hard everyday, Chevy ride through ya town 23's on the truck, Ask me if I give a fuck Rally's on that 75, Rollin' up 85 Lookin' for some cut like you Tryin' to see what you gone do Shawty I ain't playin no games I ain't tryin' to be yo man I just wanna cut you up, Slice you up like cold cuts Lay you down and eat you up, Jonny slong up in them guts (Big Sam) See I'm something like a freak, part time pimp Big block Chevy rider all through Decatur Wanna know my name, Well it's Big Sam And I play no games with these hoes cause they lame Lemme' break it down, Tell ya right now If ya see me in ya town its goin' down And all I want to do, is cut you and ya crew So let me know whats up with ya girl and you  [Hook] I ain't really here to play no games, Girl You already know my name, Yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang, Yeah (Girl singing) I ain't really here to play no games, Girl You already know my name, Yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang, Yeah (Girl singing)  [Intro: Lil' Jon] Yeah! BME ho! Yeah! A Lil' Jon ho! Yeah! A Big Sam ho! Yeah! A Lil Bo' ho!  Check dis out right... I think a lot of y'all muthafuckas don' forgot who we is (yeah!) So right about now we gon' let you know who the fuck we are (okaaaayyy!!!!)  KINGS OF CRUNK MUTHAFUCKAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!! Ay! Ay!  [Hook: Lil' Jon] Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunK! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk!  [Verse 1: Lil' Jon] MEAN-mug a nigga, MEAN-mug a nigga whuut!!!! MEAN-mug a nigga, MEAN-mug a nigga whuut!!!! What'cha gon' do nigga?, What'cha wan' do nigga? What'cha gon' do nigga?, What'cha wan' do nigga? Ay MEAN-mug a nigga, MEAN-mug a nigga whuut!!!! MEAN-mug a nigga, MEAN-mug a nigga whuut!!!! What'cha gon' do nigga?, What'cha wan' do nigga? What'cha gon' do nigga?, What'cha wan' do nigga? Try again nigga (Biyaaa!!!), try again nigga (Biyaaa!!!) We still deeper than yo' muthafuckin' clique nigga (Biyaaa!!!) Try again nigga, try again nigga We still deeper than yo' muthafuckin' clique nigga! We shut da club down (Biyaaa!!!) and start a fight up in dis bitch We shut da club down (Biyaaa!!!) and start a fight up in dis bitch Just keep talkin' shit (BITCH!), just keep talkin' shit (BITCH!) If a nigga talkin' shit we start a fight up in dis' bitch!  [Hook: Lil' Jon] Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunK! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk!  [Verse 2: Lil' Jon] It's goin' down in dis bitch, so nigga guard'ja grill It's goin' down in dis bitch, so nigga guard'ja grill You ain't crunk nigga! You ain't crunk nigga! You ain't crunk nigga! You ain't crunk nigga! It's goin' down in dis bitch, so nigga guard'ja grill It's goin' down in dis bitch, so nigga guard'ja grill You ain't buck nigga! You ain't buck nigga! You ain't buck nigga! You ain't buck nigga! Eastside in dis bitch, and you know we for real Westside in dis bitch, and you know we for real You ain't crunk nigga! You ain't crunk nigga! You ain't crunk nigga! You ain't crunk nigga! Northside in dis bitch, and you know we for real Southside in dis bitch, and you know we for real You ain't crunk nigga! You ain't crunk nigga! You ain't crunk nigga! YOU ain't crunk niggaaaaaaaahh!  [Hook: Lil' Jon] Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunK! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk!  [Bridge: Lil' Jon] LAME ASS NIGGAS GET DA FUCK OUT DA CLUB! PUSSY ASS NIGGAS GET DA FUCK OUT DA CLUB! HOE ASS NIGGAS GET DA FUCK OUT DA CLUB! ALL YOU FUCK NIGGAS GET DA FUCK OUT DA CLUB! LAME ASS NIGGAS GET DA FUCK OUT DA CLUB! PUSSY ASS NIGGAS GET DA FUCK OUT DA CLUB! HOE ASS NIGGAS GET DA FUCK OUT DA CLUB! ALL YOU FUCK NIGGAS GET DA FUCK OUT DA CLUB!  Y'ALL AIN'T NUTTIN' BUT SOME HOES! Y'ALL AIN'T NUTTIN' BUT SOME HOES! Y'ALL AIN'T NUTTIN' BUT SOME HOES! Y'ALL AIN'T NUTTIN' BUT SOME HOES! Y'ALL AIN'T NUTTIN' BUT SOME HOES! Y'ALL AIN'T NUTTIN' BUT SOME HOES! Y'ALL AIN'T NUTTIN' BUT SOME HOES! Y'ALL AIN'T NUTTIN' BUT SOME HOES! (Ho!)  [Hook: Lil' Jon] Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunK! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Push that nigga!, Push that ho! Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk! (Ay!) Get crunk!  [Chorus] Put yo hood up! (4X) Put yo click up! (4X) Represent yo' shit muthafuuuucka (2X) Represent yo click muthafuuuucka (2X)  [Verse 1] Well shake yo' drink up and spray the muthafuckin' crowd (2X) Throw yo' click up and say it muthafuckin' loud (2X) Now drop yo' bows on em' and get buck ass wild (2X) You supposed to act up with a black and fuckin' mild (2X) Cuz' them eastside niggas don't give a fuck Them westside niggas is quick to buck Them northside niggas will cut you up And them southside niggas will put you in a trunk  Now jump jump jump nigga Stomp stomp stomp nigga Jump jump jump nigga Stomp stomp nigga  [Chorus]  [Verse 2] If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club (2X) If you don't give a fuck then throw that muthafucka up (2X) I'm wit my niggas in this bitch, and you know we fucked up (2X) We clicked up 30 deep and we always strapped up (2X) Who you wit nigga? Who you wit nigga? Who you wit get crunk, who you wit nigga? (2X) Well who run this bitch? We run this bitch! (4X)  [Chorus]  Aye, check dis out I need all my real niggas and bitches To look around the muthafuckin' club If you see a nigga and he throwin' up a set and it ain't yo' set Or it ain't yo' click I want chall niggas to tell dem' niggas like dis I want you to get up in that muthafucka' face And do dis shit...  [Verse 3] Hea we go (x6) Say nigga fuck you! Nigga fuck you (x7) Cuz' you don't wanna fuck wit' me Cuz my niggas in the club will heat (2X)  [Chorus]  We some eastside niggas (2X) We some westside niggas (2X) We some northside niggas (2X) We some southside niggas (2X)  [Intro - Roy Jones Jr.] Yeah this Roy Jones Jr Pound for pound the baddest thing throwin' down The undisputed light heavyweight champion of the world We about to knock niggas heads off with this put yo hood up remix Lil' Jone and the East Side Boyz Jadakiss, Petey Pablo, Chyna Whyte Represent y'all in the hood tonight Yeah, yeah, uh uh  [Hook] Put yo hood up Put yo hood up Put yo hood up Put yo hood up Put yo click up Put yo click up Put yo click up Put yo click up Represent yo shit motherfucker Represent yo shit motherfucker Represent yo click motherfucker Represent yo click motherfucker  [Verse 1 - Jadakiss] I hold a 44 from the side angle Gunshots below the waist'll make ya thigh dangle Uh you know Kiss, all I do is puff hem all day Gettin' money in the Bluff or on MLK Since they brough gold back I bought me a gold mack To explode I leave ya back on Old National I'm in a gentlemen's club with gentlemen thugs But they call my hood pool dog cause we swimmin' in drugs Get high, get drunk, and we get shit crunk Violate you might die or just get jumped Jadakiss, Lil' Jon and them Eastside Boyz D-Block, every nigga got at least five toys Double R till they put me in the ground And I come back as a bullet, nigga put me in the pound Stop actin' like a bitch you scared What up niggas the remix, put yo hood up niggas  [Hook]  [Verse 2 - Petey Pablo] It's the dirty boy's home town, yeah bitch I'm on now Act any motherfuckin' way I want cause shit I'm in my own house Music - extra, extra loud Shorties - extra, extra out My flows - four mics, get The Source bitch and check it out I came to knock this bastard down Juic - ya bleedin' now You be it - the Petey style Why - hit the curb man I got 'em With the open mouth All I hear is oohs and awes What ya mama said, damn Petey king now Pow, I'm on they tails now Helicopter well now From Carolina to the ATL, it's hell now Ah, simmer down, simmer down Before they kick our ass out Lil' Jon thanks for the sixteen, yeah now  [Hook]  [Verse 3 - Chyna Whyte] Ha ha, keep the fame nigga I'm in it for the dough Fuck the glow, what's the sense if you ain't got cash to blow I had to shift my gears from fast to slow And get it past they time Hopin' that when I call home they dead or press the nine I bet yo hood can't fuck with mine Ooh the language I speak when them people roll around And niggas just don't crack they leak And they too quick to quack they beak You hungry nigga's ribs touchin' what Now you want half my meat You know the narrow Nigga I still run with the four pound metals Still lacin' the tracks with the pain of the ghetto You boys livin' a dream like the Cosbys And I'm tell ya one mo' time, no that ain't me on Foxy Don't get it twisted I got hitters that'll do you in And if the Feds come I got hitters that'll do my ten With no problem, on every song I plant my flow blossom From guns to gospel, Chyna Whyte AKA The Apostle  [Verse 5 - Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz] Bia bia - put yo click up and shout it out loud Bia bia - put yo click up and shout it out loud Bia bia - get buck in the motherfuckin' crowd Bia bia - get buck in the motherfuckin' crowd We run this bitch, yo click ain't shit We run this bitch, yo click ain't shit We run this bitch, yo click ain't shit We run this bitch, yo click ain't shit Say nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] Yeah! Bravehearts! Yeah! That boy Nas! Yeah! Me I'm your boy Lil Jon Yeah! Right now we going to talk about these niggas! Yeah! That's got a lot of mouth, what! Yeah! But when It's time to do some shit Yeah! They folding, these niggas is folding and shit Know What I'm talking bout, like paper Yeah!  [Hook: Nas + Lil Jon] [N] I know your type I know your kind ya [L] Quick to back down [N] You be leaving when there's drama [L] Quick to back down [N] Fucking fake ass nigga [L] Quick to back down [N] Soft and cornflake nigga ya [L] Quick to back down [N] You ya whole crew ya [L] Quick to back down [N] Ya'll don't want none of this ya [L] Quick to back down [N] And I hate ya'll niggas ya [L] Quick to back down [N] Soft and cornflake nigga ya  [Nas] First of all this is Nas I'mma Braveheart veteran And y'all already know who I'm better than Yall know the beef in the hood it'll never end Never hit the club unless I get's my berretta in The letter N, short for Nasir More drama than the President with North Korea Gettin Krunk wit Lil Jon, he da livest in the south Fuck around and you get wires in your mouth Cowards I despise and my power keeps on risin Niggas try to hate me but they keep recognizin Who's the next label I'mma bury CEO's, rappers and A&R's go to the rap cemetary And ya all got guns but ya scared to use 'em Six million ways to die, nigga choose one I'm a Braveheart I'll be right here Y'all talk shit but I smell fear, motherfucker!  [Hook]  [Jungle] Ay yo, all these niggas they afraid of the Bravehearts I'll take a razor open your face up I tried to tell these niggas we don't play I run up on you broad day with a A-K Cornball I can make your heart beat stop Pop pop your body drop from a couple shots When you see me in the street, we can handle the beef If you see me in jail you know you dead meat I be fighting and stabbin, shooting and laughing My ratchet blast on top of you bastards Committing sins in Cincinnati We'll drive by in all black caddy's A 21 gun salute Your last words be, please Jungle don't shoot Pussy, I'll put a slug between your eyes And stand there and watch your punk ass die  [Wiz] I'm fuckin' wit them, Bravehearts My niggas is coming we just don't stop Yall niggas is running I'm just goin pop I twist up my gun up and slap your mouth With Lil John down south My religion is green motherfucker too late Since birth, I'm cursed, the worst motherfucka in da state Time and time again you niggas back down, laugh now Fuck ya numbers nigga ya'll all fake The hunt is on, fuck if I'm wrong, test my dead arm Robbery, heavily armed, might leave him gone Bang him duff him, actin like he don't know what's going on Hang em' rush em' get his clown ass his teammates wrong And oh he got a 22, give him the gauge the brave way God ain't going to save his bitch ass today Wait I'mma Braveheart I'll be right here Y'all talk shit but I smell fear, mothafuckas!  [Hook]  [Lil' Jon] Yea, yea, e-YEAHHHH! O-kayyyyyy - what, what? Wha', what, what? Lil' Jon and the motherfuckin Eastside Boyz! (Yeahhhh) Short Dawg! (YeahHHH) Once again at yo' ass (YEAHHHH!) Bitch!! (Yeah!) This go out to all the pussy niggas (listen here) That see us when we walk in the club (whassup) And just be mean muggin!  [Hook: Lil' Jon - repeat 2X] Quit hatin motherfucker, quit hatin! Quit hatin pussy nigga, quit hatin! God damnit MOTHERFUCKAHHH God damnit MOTHERFUCKAHHH  [Twista] High cause I'm tokin the choke and smokin on Purple Haze and I'm coughin Got some new Nike's on my feet, even my Caddy wear Jordans Now bitches be on my dick when I pull up in a platinum blue 'llac They come and spread they ass crack, let me hit it from the back On the flo', they bend over, shake them titties and twurk them hips With them lil' ol' thongs on, I can almost see they coochie lips And she backin that thing up on me, so I do the damn thing and pop her With a lil' curl that ha-hangin proper, drunk off champagne and vodka Just cause it's us in the club they krunk, it's $hort and Twista And I know the ladies know we love to cut, I can tell it when they whisper They say -  See the ballin niggas in the party They came in new Escalades And I got a single, wanna get up in the lobby I'm with that, come freak all in my body, it's on  We about to break your back and your hip Smoke a sack and just sip Sit back and eat some immaculate shrimp Stackin chips as a mack and a pimp, in the club you gon' bounce But on the streets, my dro' goin for, six hundred a ounce  [Hook]  [Too $hort] Show me love when you see me, don't hate If you take my woman from me, what you gon' say? Charge it to the game, if I lose, I lose You never know when a ho is wearin choosy shoes You must be a magician cause you're nothin but a trick Tryin to give her all your money, but whatchu gon' get? I get 'em all, suited at the player's ball Up against the wall, just got another number to call Y'all see me I'm a real player, I do this nightly You wanna fight me, cause you can't be like me All you hatin ass suckers in the place You better stop starin in my motherfuckin face Too many jealous thoughts goin through yo' mind You mad like you guilty, goin to do some time Pay yo' pussy bill nigga if you want a date But you just talkin shit I figure you just wanna hate You hater!  [Hook]  [V. White] Now you can catch me I-80 in the diamond lane gettin head In the rearview, make a wrong move and I gotsta have your head I put 23's in the game on the Avalanche and give you the blues And blow white smoke up out the sunroof while we keep it on cruise I ride with a hog in the back and the vogue in the back and you hatin on that It's just V. White, T. $hort, Twista boy we blazin on track It's just that Eastside psycho-chronological mind-stopper Keep a burner at yo' waist while we serve these haters proper You better get up, get out, get somethin; nigga, and stop frontin If I had no car and stayed with my momma then I'd be hatin on somethin Nah but nope, not me, I give 'em out, above the knee You could catch one in the torso, b-2-1-2, fuckin with me Now you can hate me all you want to cause I ain't hard to find I got hitters on payroll and parolees dyin to shine That'll leave a hole in your dome like Rogaine, old school like road games You can't stop me from shinin, I'm highly flammable like propane  [Hook]  [Too $hort] Yeah we got some real players in this motherfucker Too $hort, Twista, V. White, Lil' Jon, Eastside Boyz, Delinquents Yeah we see you haters up in this motherfucker Tryin to kick it like us real players But you know what we gon' do? We gon' sift you motherfuckin haters out And we gon' beat yo' motherfuckin ass  Yeah that's right, whup that hater's ass Beat his ass! Like he stole somethin..  [Lil' Jon] Quit hatin motherfucker, quit hatin! [$hort] Now slow it down for the retarded people  [Intro] YEAHHHHH~! Wassup y'all, ha ha ha This your boy D'Mite You see I usually do songs with like Hooks and concepts and shit right? BUT FUCK THAT MAN, I'm tryin to go platinum So I'm 'bout to go rock this shit Check this out y'all, uhh  [D'Mite - in the style of Lil Jon] Read a book! Read a book! Read a muh'fuckin book! Read a book! Read a book! Read a muh'fuckin book! Read a book! Read a book! Read a muh'fuckin book! Read a book! Read a book! Read a muh'fuckin book!  R-E-A-D, A, B-O-OAHH-KAYYYYYYYY~! R-E-A-D, A, B-O-OAHH-KAYYYYYYYY~! R-E-A-D, A, B-O-OAHH-KAYYYYYYYY~! R-E-A-D, A, B-O-OAHH-KAYYYYYYYY~!  Not a sports page (what) not a magazine (who) But a book nigga, a fuckin book nigga (YEAHHH~!) Not a sports page (what) not a magazine (who) But a book nigga, a fuckin book nigga (YEAHHH~!) Not a sports page, not a magazine But a book nigga, check this out  Raise yo' kids, raise yo' kids, raise yo' God damn kids Raise yo' kids, raise yo' kids, raise yo' God damn kids Raise yo' kids, raise yo' kids, raise yo' God damn kids Raise yo' kids, raise yo' kids, raise yo' God damn kids  Your body needs water - so DRINK THAT SHIT Your body needs water - so DRINK THAT SHIT Your body needs water - so DRINK THAT SHIT Your body needs water - so DRINK THAT SHIT  Buy some land, buy some land (what) FUCK SPINNIN RIMS Buy some land, buy some land (what) FUCK SPINNIN RIMS Buy some land, buy some land (what) FUCK SPINNIN RIMS Buy some land, buy some land (what) FUCK SPINNIN RIMS  Brush yo' teeth, brush yo' teeth, brush yo' God damn teeth Brush yo' teeth, brush yo' teeth, brush yo' God damn teeth Brush yo' teeth, brush yo' teeth, brush yo' God damn teeth Brush yo' teeth, brush yo' teeth, brush yo' God damn teeth  Wear deodorant nigga, wear deodorant nigga Wear deodorant nigga, wear deodorant nigga Wear deodorant nigga, wear deodorant nigga Wear deodorant nigga, wear deodorant nigga (WHAT~!~!~!!)  It's called Speed Stick (bitch) it's not expensive (bitch) It's called Speed Stick (bitch) it's not expensive (bitch) It's called Speed Stick (bitch) it's not expensive (bitch) It's called Speed Stick (bitch) it's not expensive (bitch)  Read a book! Read a book! Read a muh'fuckin book! Read a book! Read a book! Read a muh'fuckin book! Read a {*EXPLOSION*} Edit lyrics (shift+L)  [Lil Jon] This some of that real gangsta motherfuckin shit nigga (yeah!) Yeahhhh! For all the real niggas out there (yeah!) You know what I'm talkin bout? (what!) Like my motherfuckin East coast niggas (what!) My motherfuckin Dirty South niggas (what!) And my motherfuckin West coast niggas (what!) Let's go!  [Hook 2X: Havoc] + (Lil Jon) Some, peo-ple run (yeah!) But, gang-stas don't (yeah!) Know my hammer stay cocked (yeah!) If, you, leave you crippled (hey!)  [Havoc] Now y'all know the deal why we up in here (uh-huh) Burn that ma, put it up in the air (c'mon) Ma got a phattie so I'm up in her ear Cause - these clowns wanna grill, I got the clique right there Now you could get your ass drug around up in here You know I know the promoter, the pound's in here And these my parts, you outta town out here Slow it down, pump the brakes, get found out there I'm push that melon, what the fuck's that smellin? (pussy) Thugs not thugs no more, they tellin (yeah) You did that time, but you not that felon (nah) Nigga kill the noise, your hammer not yellin .. your infra-red not beamin (nope) Y'all not eatin while your neck not gleamin We don't give a fuck, flip for any ol' reason Just for the fun have your bitch ass leakin [Lil Jon] Okay!!  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] Y'all niggas ain't gangsta Aiyyo Prodigy, tell 'em what's up!  [Prodigy] Yeah, all I want is the money and y'all can keep them sloppy hoes My calender's shows booked, I ain't got time yo Gimme the cash, keep them beat up chicks My bank bounce gotta stay thick You know e'ry day I stay with, the latest guns Keep those under our belts to blaze you up E'ry day we play with, the latest trucks Work that tip chronic on the porch well Don't get rat-a-tat tatted up, it be a bad look Be wettin your pants when bullets hit, mad shook Droppin your gun and all that, you mad puss 34 shell cases fall in one push You get beaten and battered up, y'all little chain snapped We still takin 'em, fuck it let the team have it Be droppin your drinks, trippin on things scramblin It be chaos when guns ring at him [Lil Jon] Okay!!  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] Aight it's bout to get real ugly in this motherfuckin club What, WHAAAAAAAAT?! I need to see nothin (hey!) But the real gangsta niggas and bitches on the dance FLO' (hey!) YEEEEEEAHHHHH!! We gon' crank this motherfucker UP! Let's crank this bitch up! We need to see all y'all motherfuckers doin this shit! (what!) Doin what?  Hey, put your middle finger up, motherfucker (motherfucker) Put your middle finger up, motherfucker (motherfucker) Put your middle finger up, motherfucker (motherfucker) Put your middle finger up, motherfucker (motherfucker) Let me hear you say - put your middle finger up, fuck you nigga! Put your middle finger up, fuck you nigga! Put your middle finger up, fuck you bitch! Put your middle finger up, fuck you bitch!  [Hook]  [Intro: Lil Jon talking] Yeah! Right about now (whats up) It's time for the real nigga role call Now when you hear your city or state being called You put your motherfuckin' middle finger up in this bitch ATL, St. Louis, Alabahma, Chicago, The Carolina's, Nep Town DC, The Bay Area, VA, Miami, New York niggas, Texas, you know!  [Hook: Lil Jon and Ice Cube] Y'all niggas can't fuck wit my nigga's ho! [4X] Motherfuck that nigga! [4X] Motherfuck that bitch! [4X]  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] Y'all bitches! Come on flexin' ass flauntin' ass niggas! My niggas! Be some real ass trill ass niggas! Your niggas! Be some ho ass pussy ass niggas! My niggas! Be some head-bustin' gangsta ass niggas! Your niggas! Be some runnin' ass scary ass niggas! My niggas! Be some Roy Jones beat ya ass niggas! Your niggas! Be some cake and handcuffin' ass niggas! My niggas! Be some "Send them hoes out!" niggas! Your niggas! Be some tricking off pay them hoes ass niggas! My niggas! Be some Don Juan pimpin' ass niggas! Your niggas! Be some .22 havin' ass niggas! My niggas! Be some chopper street sweepin' ass niggas! Your niggas! Them ol' half ounce sellin' ass niggas! My niggas! Be some dirty bird movin' ass niggas! Your niggas! Be some kissin' security ass ass niggas! My niggas! Fuck them hoes and break they jaw ass niggas!  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Ice Cube] See I'mma mean nigga Yous afraid nigga Ol' pretend nigga Smile and grin nigga I hate a false nigga Diana Ross nigga So if ya lost nigga Meet the boss nigga He's a super nigga Wit a groupa nigga Act stupid nigga I'll fuckin' nuke the nigga Cause yous a happy nigga And I'm a nappy nigga Fuckin' scrappy nigga Meet ya pappy nigga Its Ice Cube nigga And Lil' Jon nigga So if ya drunk nigga Keep it crunk nigga Til' you punk nigga Feel the bump nigga Get yo testifying ass in the trunk nigga You wanna tell niggaI'll dump a shell nigga Send a frail nigga Straight ta hell nigga Thats ya shelter nigga "Heltah-a-Skelta" nigga And when I belt a nigga They ain't helpin' nigga!  [Hook]  [Lil Jon Talking] Yeah! I see you and your lil click up in the club nigga I see y'all niggas over there talkin' that shit But you know what nigga Bitch niggas get dealt wit motherfuckin' real quick!  [Verse 3: Ice Cube] Here we come boy Real niggas shoot ta kill betta run boy Or you can tell me how I feel as a Real nigga Which nigga Go get a bitch nigga No better Hoes better do what I say Cause I'm "Insane in the Brain" Bitch I got Rick James in my veins Real niggas never change We just let it bang Roll thru the gutter lane Daddy said let 'em hang And cut 'em like its butter mayne Skeet skeet skeet - naw that's the other mayne Cause my skeet never leak out this rubber mayne T&A ain't worth a niggas DNA That crazy bitch'll have ya ass off E&J Fake niggas got these real bitches bein gay Til my peoples come around it's like night and day Now she wanna change her God and the way she pray Authentic niggas all know thats the playa way  [Hook]  [Verse 4: Lil Jon] We runnin this bitch Y'all niggas ain't shit We runnin this bitch Y'all niggas ain't shit We in the club gettin' crunk You in the club gettin' stomped We in the club gettin' crunk You in the club gettin' stomped We in the hood on the block You in the hood gettin' shot We in the hood on the block You in the hood gettin' shot We quick ta show you what we bout You quick to run ya fuckin' mouth We quick ta show you what we bout You quick to run ya fuckin' mouth Real niggas from the east And we act a fucking beast Real niggas from the east And we act a fuckin beast We gangsta niggas from the west Puttin' holes in ya vest We gangsta niggas from the west Puttin' holes in ya vest My midwest niggas hard Quick ta pull ya fuckin' card My midwest niggas hard Quick ta pull ya fuckin' card And down south we set if off Blow ya fuckin' face off And down south we set if off Blow ya fuckin' face off (real nigga role call!)  Let 'em know what we talkin bout you herd Hey (hey) Usher (Usher) Lil Jon (Lil Jon) Ludacris (Ludacris)  What's up now (What's up now) What's up now (What's up now) What's up now (what's up now)  Let's go  Southern smoked Southern smoked  [Usher] Girl you let me have my way I was thinking I could get it again Baby we could be friends if you lonely And you show me Just how quick your tires could spin You were off in the wind Tell me were did you go   When you left (oh) I'm thinkin which way did she go I should have known that you would lead me on girl Im in the wind on cruise control I gotta be dreamin cuz i never felt like this before  [Hook] [Chorus] It was supposed to be Just a one night In and out and im out the door But she's got me sittin here At the red light Drivin round lookin out for her  It was supposed to be Just a one night In and out and im out the door So why am i sittin here At the red light Drivin round lookin out for her Lookin out for her  Yeah! Yeah! (Crunck it out Luda)  [Ludacris] She had a coke bottle shack really big booty small waist I feel a little yozzy cause I really wanna see her face one more (let's go) That woman's got me messed up in my head I forgot about my thought And what I said all I could remember is one night more then (yea) One hour on one floor (yea break it down) There was one red light by the bed That was glowing of her skin when I did my thang We was dripping with a little bit of sweat and a whole lot of lost Cause I really most of diggin her friend All I wanna say is that we handle ours And there ain't too many women that could handle stars And what I wouldn't just one more time For the chance to grip their handle bars  (Let's go)  [Hook] [Chorus] It was supposed to be Just a one night In and out and im out the door But she's got me sittin here At the red light Drivin round lookin out for her  It was supposed to be Just a one night In and out and im out the door So why am i sittin here At the red light Drivin round lookin out for her Lookin out for her  Looking out for her!  Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! hah hah! [4X]  [Hook: Lil' Jon + (Petey Pablo)] - 2X Rep yo city! Rep yo city! (Rep yo cityyyy!) Rep yo city! Fuck that shit! (Rep yo cityyyy!) Rep yo city! Rep yo city! (Rep yo cityyyy!) Rep yo city! Fuck that shit! (Rep yo cityyyy!)  [Hook 2: Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boys] My niggas run this bitch! Nah ho! My niggas run this bitch! Nah ho! My niggas run this bitch! Nah ho! My niggas run this bitch! Nah ho!  [Lil' Jon] - 2X Cut loose motherfucker, go bad go hard! In the club motherfucker, go bad go hard! In the truck motherfucker, go bad go hard! Throw it up motherfucker, go bad go hard!  [E-40] We 30 deep (30 deep) we bleed the block (bleed the block) We milk the Ave. for damn near e'rythang the Ave. got (Ave. got) We do the fools (do the fools) we act a nut (act a nut) We set it off up in this bitch and tear the club up What it do? What it is pimp juice? We got a car with the cups in the trunk For the thugs and the broads with the G-string drawers Up in here straight break it all off (break it all off) Where the big dawgs at? What city or set ya claim? Fame, X.O., several drinks of champagne Hustlers in the game tryna maintain, lost ya chain Outta control, we so cold (so cold) I'm on another level (another level) Went head up with the devil (with the devil) I never been a sucka (been a sucka) I always been a rebel (been a rebel) What's your stompin ground? (stompin ground) What turf you from? (turf you from) What's you city playboy (what's yo city?) mine 9-4-5-9-1 Vallejo! That's all I yell (that's all I yell) Speakin of yea' I hope I never have to go back to slangin llello (slangin llello) We fuckin around (fuckin around) like my niggas out there in Oak Cliff D-Town Puttin it down from my house all the way to yo' house Back to the fuckin south!  [Hook: 2X] + [Hook 2]  [Petey Pablo] Could it be the way that I be reppin (WHYYY!) for my niggas? Could it be the way that Petey Petey (RIIDE!) for my niggas? Showin niggas love (love) raise up motherfucker! You need to be reachin down pullin yo God-damn shirt up, that's love! Wherever you live, wherever you from, wherever you call your home Wherever you lay yo' God-damn Kangol down motherfucker! Wherever you cheddar cheese, churn cream, lick that butter Wherever yo' ass got lots of fat for all that God-damn trunk Y'all niggas don't understand the seriousness of what Petey be sayin I took a unknown piece land (and planted) a God-damn flag! Say I didn't (DID!) motherfucker I'd die for this I done my God-damn thang, I brought my folks in this somma bitch Hot Atlanta! The Bay Area! Y'all niggas don't want no noise (noise!) with Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boys (Boys!) Y'all niggas don't want no shit (shit) with E-40 & The Click (The Click) And you can say whatchu want homeboy (homeboy) I'll always be the one that ill!  [Hook: 2X] + [Hook 2]  [Bun B] From the land of the trill, where the vanity's real And yo man'll be peeled or at least branded, God-damnit we ill More horror than "Amityville", no sorrow; hand me the steel Your tomorrow I can't even feel - oughta be plannin ya will UGK ain't dropped in a while, but still we stoppin ya smile Keepin boppers in file, standin on top of the pile And you'll get popped with a smile, this ain't bout shoppin and style This bout syrup and candy paint, you see us choppin for miles Out the black and the 'Lac, swingers clap and if they take yo' flax You'll get smacked for your packs, paper stacks and you'll crack-back yo' back Hold up, they got game to sell ya, from drugs to paraphenalia Gun-hand'll never fail ya, ask Rollie B, he'll tell ya  [Eightball] Memph', Tenn representer (uhh) Orange Mile nigga (yeah) Symbol of the south, legendary rhyme spitter (uh-huh) From Memphis to Mississippi, deep off in the woods (uhh) From A-T-L to M-I-A, deep off in the hood (yeah) Twankies on coupes (yeah) money-makin sluts (what) You trippin if ya ain't got 22's on ya trucks Dogs in the yard (yeah) pistol on the seat (uhh) Sticky rolled up for them blunt monkey freaks My nigga Earl hollered (whassup) big Ball got it poppin (that's right) Smoked me a couple, hit the studio and dropped it For all my dawgs who keep it G and keep it crunk Represent yo' city, let 'em know where you from  [Hook] + [Hook 2]  [Intro: Lil' Jon] Ahh!, ahh!, ahh!... ahh!, ahh!, ahh! Ahh!, ahh!, ahh!... ahh!, ahh!, ahh!  [Hook: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] + (Petey Pablo in backround) Rep yo city!!! (what!), rep yo city!!! (what!) Rep yo city!!! (what!, fuck that shit!, what!), rep yo city!!! (what!) Rep yo city!!! (what!), rep yo city!!! (what!, fuck that shit!) My niggas run this bitch! (nah ho!!) (hey!) My niggas run this bitch! (nah ho!!) (hey!) My niggas run this bitch! (nah ho!!) (hey!) My niggas run this bitch! (nah ho!!) (hey!)  [Verse 1: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] - (repeat 2X) Cut loose motherfucker, go back, go hard!!! In the club motherfucker, go back, go hard!!! In the truck motherfucker, go back, go hard!!! Throw it up motherfucker, go back, go hard!!!  [Verse 2: E-40] We thirty deep (thirty deep), we bleed the block (bleed the block) We milk the Ave. for damn near everything the Ave. got (Ave. got) We do the fools (do the fools!), we act a nut (act a nut) Set it off up in this bitch and tear the club up! What it do?, what it is? Pimp Juice (Pimp Juice) Got a car with the cups in the trunk (in the trunk) For the thugs and broads with the G-string drawers Up in here, straight break it all off (break it all off) Where the dig dogs at?, what city or set you claim? Fame, X.O., several drinks of champagne (champagne) Hustlers in the game trying to maintain, lost your chain Out of control, we so cold (so cold) I'm on another level (another level) Went head up with the devil (with the devil) I never been a sucker (been a sucker) I always been a rebel (been a rebel) What's your stomping ground? (stomping ground?) What turf you from? (turf you from?) What's your city playboy? (what's your city?) mine 94591 Vallejo! (Vallejo!) that's all I yell (that's all I yell) Speaking of yell, I hope I don't have to go back to slanging llello (slanging llello) We fucking around (fucking around), my niggas out there in Oak Cliff, D-Town Put it down from my house all the way to your house Back to the fucking South!  [Hook: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] + (Petey Pablo in backround)  [Verse 3: Petey Pablo] Could it be the way that I be repping (why?!), for my niggas Could it be the way that Petey Petey (ride!), for my niggas Show a nigga love (love!, raise up motherfucker!!) You need to be reaching down pulling your god damn shirt up, that's love! Wherever you live, wherever you from, wherever you call your home Wherever you lay your God damn Kangol down motherfucker! Wherever you check your cheese, turn C.R.E.A.M., make that butter Wherever your ass got lots of fat for all that God damn trunk Y'all niggas don't understand the seriousness of what Petey be saying I took an unknown piece of land (and planted), a God damn flag Say I didn't (did!), motherfucker I'd die for this I've done my God damn thing, I brought my folks in this summer bitch Hot Atlanta!, the Bay Area!, y'all niggas don't want no noise (noise!) With Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz (Boyz!) Y'all niggas don't want no shit (shit!) With E-40 & The Click (The Click!) You can say what you want homeboy (homeboy!) It'll always be what it is (hey!)  [Hook: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] + (Petey Pablo in backround)  [Verse 4: Bun B] From the land of the trill, where the vanity's real And your man'll be peeled or at least branded, God damn it we ill More horror than Amityville, no sorrow, hand me the steel Your tomorrow I can't even feel - ought to be planning your will UGK ain't dropped in a while, but still we stoping your smile Keeping boppers in file, standing on top of the pile And you'll get popped with a smile, this ain't about shopping in style This about syrup and candy paint, you see us chopping for miles Out the black and the 'Lac, swingers clap and if they take your flax You'll get smacked for your packs, paper stacks and you'll crack-back your back Hold up, they got game to sell you, from drugs to paraphenalia Guns that'll never fail you, ask Rollie B, he'll tell you  [Verse 5: Eightball] Memph', Tenn representer (uh), Orange Mile nigga (yeah) Symbol of the South, legendary rhyme spitter (uh huh) From Memphis to Mississippi, deep off in the woods (uh) From ATL to MIA, deep off in the hood (yeah) Twankies on coupes (yeah), money making sluts (what?) You tripping if you ain't got 22's on your truck (uh) Dogs in the yard (yeah), pistol on the seat (uh) Sticky rolled up for them blunt monkey freaks My nigga Earl hollered (what's up?) Big Ball got it popping (that's right) Smoked me a couple, hit the studio and dropped it For all my dawgs who keep it G and keep it crunk Represent yo city, let them know where you from  [Hook: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] + (Petey Pablo in backround)  [Intro: Ying Yang Twins] Jump on the D, jump on the D (ride the D) Jump on the D (ride the D) Jump on the D, jump on the D, jump on the D (ride the D) Jump on the D (ride the D) Jump on the D (ride the D) Jump on the D, jump on the D, jump on the D  [Hook: Ying Yang Twins] Grab your fat pussy, bitch and (ride da D, ride da D, ride da D) Can you shake that shit while you? (ride da D, ride da D, ride da D) L-lick yo tits while you (ride da D, ride da D, ride da D) Oh [?] then sit while you (ride da D, ride da D, ride da D) Jump on da D (x6) Yo, bitch, you know you want it! Jump on da D (x6) This a fat dick, bitch, get on it  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] HEY! The pussy hoes in the club we searchin' For the workin', straight twerkin' Say, what's that noise? Sit by the start Dick get hard, pussy go far On top of the dick, then ride Get down like running backs, side to side Take yo clothes off, one by one (bitch) Me and you gon have some fun Ride that dick like a pogostick Like a pogostick, like a pogostick She a freaky lil bitch, let her ride the dick Criss Angel shit, do a magic trick (hey) WHOA, NELLY! Take her to the [?], skeetin' on her belly And you know I'm gon run-yun, if yo pussy smell like Funyuns  [Hook: Ying Yang Twins]   [Verse 2: Ying Yang Twins] Jump down on the dick like a cheerleader Ain't no net when a nigga get yo ass neither It's really sweet, you can call me Willie Peter Catch a bitch in the club before I beat her I say, ride that dick a lil longer And a nigga might make you a owner I say, ride that dick a lil stronger And a nigga might buy you a home-a I wanna (wanna) She do it (she do it) She put her back into it (into it) She [?] ([?]) She [?] ([?]) She spilled it too like [?] She love to get on top of the dick, just ride the head Drop down fast, put it all in it Freaky shit, lil mama is a freaky bitch She love the D, love when I play with her clit She love to come, she love to go And she love to ride dicks like rodeo So [?] baby, and ride that horse Like the wild, wild west, of course (YEE-HAH) You want me to hit it from the back? Smack dat ass Pull yo hair, smack dat ass As I stroked her, I heard her scream  [Hook: Ying Yang Twins]  [Outro] SKEET, SKEET, SKEET, SKEET!  [Too $hort] Shake it baby.. Shake it baby..  Do that sexy dance girl Move them pants around the world Do it like that girl C'mon, shake it like a black girl Yeah like that! That's it, that's it!! Shake it like a black girl HEY... get it girl! Now she got it, will she stop? Let me see that pussy pop  Shake it like a black girl C'mon Amy, shake it like a black girl That's it Maria, you can do it Maylene! Shake it baby Show 'em how you do it Amy You know gotta do 'em baby Just do it all night girl C'mon, shake it like a white girl You make me wanna pop that hole Got me makin rock'n'roll Jiggle that ass! You can't do it, wiggle it fast  Shake it like a white girl C'mon Renika, shake it like a white girl Look at Maylene! You can do it Maria, shake it baby! See them sexy spanish girls Dancin all around the world Do it like Shakira, make it happen girl! C'mon, shake it like a latin girl You know I cain't take it baby The way you shake it baby C'mon Maylene, get it crackin girl! C'mon Renika, shake it like a latin girl  Go Amy, shake it like a latin girl Do it, shake it like an asian girl Shake it like a native girl C'mon.. shake it like a black girl Shake it like a white girl Shake it like a latin girl Shake it baby Just shake it baby Shake it baby Shake it like a woman~!  [Too $hort] Put a hump in your back and shake your rump [4x]  Lets Go [Hook- Lil Jon]- 2X Bounce that ass up and down to the floor Shake that shit till you can't no more Twerk that monkey lemme see you get low Freak that nigga till your shit get sore  [Verse 1- Too $hort] Bounce that ass till you can't no more Make your ass touch the floor till your legs is broke Take that big ol' booty girl and scrub the ground You can do it up and down and round and round As long as that pussy ain't stiff Dance and make all the niggas look at that shit Like a stripper at a club in the ATL Lil bitch tore it up and started raisin hell I remember Magic City before the Freaknik Before the police went on all them weak shit All them big hoes, get loose w/ it All them skinny hoes, let Bruce Bruce hit it Let a nigga fuck tonight Damn right bitch, fuck my wife You my slut for life You know all I do, is count that cash I won't charge you as long as you bounce that ass  [Hook]-2X  Biaatch....Biaatch....Shake that Monkey  [Verse 2] I bet she can't wiggle like with a dick in her Have a motor booty contest and pick a winner When she runnin', you never see a ho come in last She's so fast she's got a 454 in her ass You never gonna win that race Put on a seatbelt and don't let her sit on your face She might kill you in the morning at 2:14 Doin' the pussy pop like she from New Orleans Its been a while more than 10 years past When you close your eyes you can still see her ass Her momma used to dance like that Bouncin' that ass with her hands on her back I saw her grandmomma do it with a baby in her arms Put her hand on a car and started swingin' it hard Every nigga at the party wanna get with the bitch Look like she was fucking an invisible dick  [Hook]-2X  [Verse 3] You don't have to be naked to dance like a stripper Just wiggle that tail like your name is flipper Do it like a dolphin on top of the water Take it down to the ground and pop it harder You been hangin' around them pimps again Got ya gangsta walkin' like in Memphis, Tenn Get it girl, I like the way you bounce She must have learned that deep down way in the south You from the west coast where you learned to do that dance I'm about to stick my dick through the back of your pants I wouldn't pass up a chance to grip your cheeks Fall in that ass and keep me for a week Now all that booty, is that for me Its lookin' so fat, we at the party Lets hit the bar and drink, Tequilla shots Find a spot on the floor, lemme see it drop  [Hook]-2X  [Too $hort] Now put your ass on his dick Let him know you the baddest lil'bitch Put your hand on your clit, ask him do he like that shit The way you move your butt All he wanna do is fuck Outside him and you in the truck Sex so good you can't do it enough [2x]  Bounce that ass bitch Bounce that ass bitch Bounce that ass bitch Short dog in the house Just bounce that ass Shake that monkey ho Shake that monkey ho Shake that monkey ho Lemme see you shake that monkey Biaatch  [Intro] Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Aw you ain't never been to the Dirty Dirty befo' Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) C'mon ride wit Young Buck  [Hook: 2X] Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) we can get low Hop into the Chevy fo' do', blow dro Wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) let ya hair down Said you wanna thug, don't be scared now  [Verse 1] My 24's spinnin, the sticker still on 'em The same ol' hoes, but a nigga still want 'em I'm parking lot pimpin, on another nigga woman She pullin up her skirt, tryna show a nigga somethin The car cloudy, my niggas all rowdy This Hennessey den got a nigga drowsy, I'm outtie Now where them hoes at, look I'm tryna take you home So what you got ya girlfriend's, bitch bring 'em on Oh I'm tryna break a bone, when I get in them drawls To the window! - to the mothafuckin walls What a nigga don't know won't hurt him So if you got a old man, bitch I ain't worried And I got plenty room, if you think you wanna roll See this is what they made Cadillac Trucks fo' Let's go, to a place, you ain't been down in the country I bet I have you sayin, you love me  [Hook 2X]  [Verse 2] My chain gotta brain, the liquor gotta right It's aight cause, you could be my wife, but only for tonight Get ya ass on this bike, I could show you I'mma rider The 600 Coupe, wit the ol' school wider Giovanni rims, wit Perelli's on the tires They said 22's wouldn't fit, but they liars We could take a trip to the hood and back And we could go and get a room, how hood is that What'cha waitin on shorty, this a chance of ya ife What I mean, what I see, in them jeans, what I like You don't know what you missin, just quit talkin and listen See I'm holdin up traffic, we just right here sittin Think about it for I bounce, and you holla I'm wrong And you see ya best friend, in this Impala on chrome If you ballin, and ya money long, you can relate But all them broke ass niggas gon' hate  [Hook 2X]  [Bridge] Make it bounce if you want too, freak if you want too G-Unit in this bitch all daaaay (What you gon' do) Buck if you bout that, I could make 'em bounce back G-Unit in this bitch all daaaay (Where the South at) Bounce if you want too, freak if you want too G-Unit in this bitch all daaaay (What you gon' do) Buck if you bout that, I could make 'em bounce back G-Unit in this bitch all daaaay (Where the South at)  [Hook 2X]  [Outro] Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Don't be scared now, shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Don't be scared now, shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Don't be scared now, shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me) Don't be scared now, shorty wanna ride wit me (ride wit me)  [Intro: Lil Jon] If you not drunk ladies and gentlemen Get ready to get fucked up Let's do it, Ha Ha LMFAO (You know what?) Lil Jon (Yeah!) All of the alcoholics, where you at? Let's go!  [Verse 1: LMFAO] When I walk in the club all eyes on me I'm with the Party Rock crew, all drinks are free We like Croc, we love Patrn We came to party rock, everybody it's on  [Hook: Lil Jon (x2)] Shots shots shots shots shots shots Shots shots shots shots shots Shots shots shots shots shots Everybody  [Verse 2: LMFAO] The ladies love us when we pour shots They need an excuse to suck our cocks We came to get crunk how 'bout you? "Bottoms up," let's go round two  [Hook x2]  [Bridge: Lil Jon] If you ain't getting drunk get the fuck out the club If you ain't taking shots get the fuck out the club If you ain't come to party get the fuck out the club Now where my alcoholics let me see ya hands up What you drinkin on? Jgerbombs, Lemondrops Buttery Nipples, Jello shots Kamikaze, Three Wise Men Fuck all that shit, give me some gin  [Verse 3: LMFAO] Shots Patrn's on the rocks and I'm ready for some shots The women come around every time I'm pouring shots Their panties hit the ground every time I give em shots So cups in the air, everybody let's take shots If you feeling drunk put ya hands in the air  [Bridge: LMFAO] And If you trying to fuck put ya hands in the air Now say "I'm fucked up!" ("I'm fucked up!") "I'm fucked up!" ("I'm fucked up!") "I'm tryna fuck!" ("I'm tryna fuck!") "I'm tryna fuck!" ("I'm tryna fuck!")  [Verse 3]  "I'm fucked up!"  [Outro x8] La da da da La da da da da da  [Verse 1: Waka Flocka Flame]  A long ride to the west M.O.B. across my chest Lord please don't let me rest Why these niggas wanna test Nigga please give me strength One time, I don't got friends Ride this shit to the end Can't lose man I got to win ? so I keep 2 Glocks Flockaveli im that Damu, oc Light skin, tats and dreadlocks Niggas playin cops like Madlock Aim on point with his scope and his beam Aim at your head like oily machine Leave a nigga dead eyes open Ba-ba-ba nigga hold that Bitch Im from the Grove Where niggas have a hand, they get on the stove Some pop pills, some take it up the nose Where niggas fucking hoes at thirteen Living street life, fuck a hoop dream Bricksquad thats my home team  [Hook: Waka Flocka Flame] (x12)  Smoke drank Smoke drank, I  [Verse 2: Mouse]  Middle finger to the feds M.O.B tatted on my leg A couple niggas wanna see me dead Act like D-bo get Craig'ed Pussy niggas heard what the fuck I said Room service too, I'll make your bed Bury your body in a backyard shed Make a nigga whole body shake, no dreads Niggas don't really want to roll with kids I got more connects than a highway bridge Flow been cold, stored in a fridge A lot of niggas talking about what they should of did Call the niggas square like a mother fucking grid I'm on my grown man like a nigga had a kid Got to ball on you niggas like I'm playing for the Knicks Hit 'em with a shotgun, call that shit the crips I ain't worried about the cops, I'm too legit I got to put money over every single bitch Mouse in the hood, trapping for that cheese Balling cause I hustle like I'm playing overseas I was raised in the streets, me and my pistol Moving these pounds on my bicycle I'm so official, I earned my stripes Bitches on my dick like a parasite I make her tap out like the cane's spiked Then I smoke and drank all fucking night  [Hook: Mouse]  [Verse 3: Kebo Gotti]  Waka, what it do cuz? I'm fucking with you nigga the long way Let's get this money Bricksquad in the building See Im gonna smoke till I can't smoke no more Then drank till I can't drank no more ? money see and my chick grow Stand up tall till it cant no more Try me if you want, I swear to God I'll split your cantaloupe My chopper fully loaded, I'm a squeeze on you till there ain't no more I run with a C like Flock and them Green flag, my partner them Hitsquad, yeah there's a lot of them You get an Oscar slim, for acting gangsta A boss to him, better get your rank up Real money, been hell I bank up In the club ? to the ? drank Who is this nigga trying to act like me Suede, getting money, bounce back like me Every hood, every block, count stacks like me Fully loaded Glock, stay strapped like me You no body, of Kebo Gotti Mr. ? Flocka with a tool, been none got him Been none hit him, been none shot him Been none off him then laugh about it Then blowing on kush, straight from Cali I ring shit straight out the valley I'm a duct tape stealer and I ain't talking alley Riding in the bird and I ain't talking falcon Plead the 5th, every time they ask me Disappear, just like it's magic Then reappear, lights, camera, action  [Hook: Kebo Gotti]  [Intro] What's happenin'? Dis ya boy Lil Jon! BME Click What's up 40? What's happenin'? What's up Sean Paul? What's happenin'? Hey! Now ladies and gentlemen it's about dat time To turn this thang on out Now let me see everybody do this Hey! Let's go!  [Hook: repeat 2X] Snap ya fingers! Do ya step! You can do it all by yo self! Let me see you do it! Ay! Let me see you do it! Ay!  [Lil Jon] Snap ya fingers and then rock wit it Do it, do it, do it, do it, gon' drop wit it All my ladies let me see ya put a twist wit it You can't do like me, I'm by myself I do it so good, I don't need nobody else What's happenin', what's up Got da perc' fired up What's happenin', what's up Got Patron in my cup I pop, I drank I'm on Patron and perc', I can't thank I'm blowed, to the do' Don't know how the hell I'm gettin' home  [Hook]  [E-40] Straight from da bay, posted in the 'A' Bout to hit the club, we been mobbin' all day Drinkin' on some Rusty, dyin' off Patron VIP style, strapped wit my chrome Look around the club, what do I see Everybody rockin' from side to side to the beat Snappin' they fingers, bouncin' to the groove All by they self, that's the new move Nigga where I'm from, we like to go dumb I'm soakin' up the game, I'm seein' how its done I ask shawty what they call it, she said the Pool Palace Staright from Bankhead, I said you good at it Do what cha do, you and ya crew They even got playa's and thugs doin' it too The mo' that I drank, the more it's lookin' smooth I's nuthin to a boss, I can do the shit too  [Hook]  [Sean Paul] Chillin' in the bip, yeah we get crunk Niggas poppin' bottles and these bitches gettin' drunk Rollin' up the kush, put it in the air I'm throwin' up the E's to let 'em know we in here Brand new shoes, brand new tool Pull out the ol school, cause I'm feelin' real cool Yeah I'm from the 'A', so I'm leanin' and rockin' Snappin' my fingers, then reachin' for my Glock BITCH! Reppin' my block BITCH!, straight from the deck When you snap ya fingers shawty, gotta jerk ya neck Smokin' on the best, we don't fuck wit dat mess I bet you can't do it, do it, do it like this Yeah I'm back to the track, back to the snap 1, 2 step, then you gotta lean back Dis is how we do it in the A town (and if you ain't know) this how it go down  [Hook]  Hey! Hey!  [Hook] Stand up If you don't like what I'm saying then buck Swing when you see me we can throw them hands sucker Stand up If you didn't notice nigga, I don't give a fuck If I said it then I meant it and what fuck nigga Stand up You don't want to see the triggerman bust Hit you and your mans up, make it hard for niggas to Stand up Tell your crew they don't want it with us dude And if them motherfuckers do, bust a motherfucking move Stand up  [Verse 1: T.I.] You got a alligator mouth and a hummingbird ass Your mouth writing checks that your ass can't cash 145 and I'm out of your weight class Want to survive, you better scramble like eggs and break fast Cause I know how to handle your fake ass I'm a ride on you and hide you in yesterday's trash Pull up in the Chevy's spraying rounds through the glass See you laying face down in the grass and I'll laugh Ha, cause that's the end of the saga The end of my problems, nigga mash the Impala Go lay up with a model and watch the news tomorrow And that's the end checkmate, game over, I'll holler Pimp, telling you partner, you don't know what you're doing Or recognize the trouble you getting in to and you're ruin And dig this man I spent my childhood in a wild hood And all that gangster shit you talking, yeah, it sound good But make it understood You gone have to show me, I'm a O.G You want to overthrow me  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Trick Daddy] Dearly beloved, we're gathered here today To marry this young nigga in his own special thug way Do you promise to love and respect all of the real niggas And when a problem come, learn to deal with 'em Do you swear to turn this chopper On any motherfucker in your path, or the bitch that's trying to stop ya Or do you promise to keep him handy And don't hand him to nobody, nobody except family And keep him cocked and loaded and don't expose him to no body Unless somebody, who want him in his body To love and cherish and from this trigger to a barrel From the bottom of your heart 'til death do you fuckin' part Do you understand to live, to lie by him Is to share your soul, Lord knows, you gone die by him I know you heard gun stories about John Wayne and Billy the Kid Shit, all them motherfuckers dead And did you know that every other bitch from the Wild, Wild West End up dying from hollow points to they fuckin' chest Cause I ain't never seen a cock beamer meant for a team of tummy guns With a hundred round fuckin' drum  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Lil' Wayne] Shit, I'm talking about riding out tonight Only way I die first, got to kill me in this verse Weezy F middle finger to life So nothing seem critical in the hood I'm typical Yet I'm feeling good and spiritual Healing hoods with this shit up out my kitchen I'm pitching that it's really good Smoking, drinking, I'm like a fish And I'll probably shit on ya bitch Probably piss on her lips and she probably give you a kiss Nasty, Holly Grove classic Polly wood a nigga probably robbed the same bastard Ask him We don't give a fuck about a casket Nigga this the murder campy Niggas is murder happy 12 years old, I jumped off the pot I started selling rock right after I got shot I had to hold my weight down Pussy nigga stand up or lay down  [Hook]  [Intro - Lil Jon] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!! Star Trak!! Yeah! Yeah! ah BME Clique!! Yeah! Hey! That nigga Fam-Lay bitch! Yeah! Yeah! Lil Jon and them East Side Boyz!!  [Hook - Lil Jon & (The East Side Boyz)] Pussy nigga won't ya (STEP THE FUCK BACK!!) Bitch nigga won't ya (STEP THE FUCK BACK!!) You're too close nigga (STEP THE FUCK BACK!!) We'll bend ya back nigga (STEP THE FUCK BACK!!) Pussy nigga won't ya (STEP THE FUCK BACK!!) Bitch nigga won't ya (STEP THE FUCK BACK!!) You don't want it nigga (STEP THE FUCK BACK!!) I take bigger niggas (STEP THE FUCK BACK!!)  [Verse - Fam-Lay] (Lil Jon) Fam-Lay don't give a flying fuck When I see him, time is up Next time his family see him, his eyes are shut Uh! Fuck a heads up, whachu scared for? You'll be a dead duck riding in that flat bed truck Uh! Let em go? (NO WAY!!) Lil Jon let em know (OOOKAAYYY!!) Soon as you say it I'm a said it He getting scared when I spray it in this dead end He gon be dead in a second, uh Let em run cause my legs in the Jetta so Run nigga run, you'll only die tired Them dum dums come, you're done and I'm not lying Tec nines rain like a shower head Then put your whole crew remains on the flower bed Distribute pain, gun power spray Uh! Leave your blocks in flames then we outta there  [Hook]  [Verse - Fam-Lay] Stand and clock, while I supply planted rock My hand is hot, but hotter when them cannons pop The gamblest spot, I breaks em, grab dice and shake em Let em go, 4 - 5 - 6, dead em go S-T-A-R Trak, dot com (Star Trak) Got guns, got bombs, that make ya act calm Leave ya whole neighborhood like 'Nam Bring the thunder and the rain when I strike like light-ning Got a Puerto Rican chick wit a white mom Chick trifling, chick like cum And I'm often asked, I'm out for cash Motherfuckers kill, we playing hard While y'all soft as ass Chew you up, screw you up, do you up I DON'T GIVE A FUCK nigga! who the fuck?! Want beef wit the F-A-M, L-A-Y? I keep shit burning like the LA riots, tell his guy  [Lil Jon] I told y'all niggas to step the fuck back! Niggas ain't listening in this motherfucker! So we gon show y'all how niggas set this shit off for real!  [Fam-Lay] Fam-Lay'll leave you wit a holy temple Now you rest in peace in a Holy Temple Nigga didn't know what he was in for All my bullets hit everyone they was meant for Man it's time to notify all his kin folk Mailing out letters that you had to write in pencil My condolences, East Side on the side of me And I'm a ride till them niggas get tired of me  [Hook]  STEP THE FUCK BACK!!  Step, step, step Step on it Step, step, step Step, step, step Step, step Step on it Im cool, your not Im hot on the block The wayi keep it steppin Them girls should be proud Mystyle my shoes I win You lose My makeup, my clothes My money's on froze (HEY!) Got Prada and gucci My girlfriends rock Louis I bomb, i duck I got speakers in my trunk My hips they don't lie My style is on fire If you want ot get down with a girl like me Then get, get , get down! You nasty You freaky You sexy You on fire Get nasty Get freaky Get sexy Get on fire (I know!) Go go go girl Go go go girl Go go go girl Go go go girl You can step to my groove Step, step to my groove All the swaggers throw ur hands up All the swaggers throw ur hands up You can step to my groove Step step to my groove All the swaggers throw ur hands up All the swaggers throw ur hands Step, step, step, step, step step on it (x2) They clappin on my name Screamin Kayla is insane See the speakers goin hammer But but they know they can't stnd here My my walk My smile In blonde Im cute I do what i do So step to my crew (HEY!) You lose You losers I drive in my cruisers My hips they don't lie You know im divine Im young Not shy I rock in the sky If you want to get down with a girl like me Then get get get down! You nasty You freaky You sexy You on fire Get nasty Get freaky Get sexy Get on fire (I know!) Go go go girl Go go go girl Go go go girl Go go go girl You can step to my groove Step, step to my groove All the swaggers throw ur hands up All the swaggers throw ur hands up You can step to my groove Step step to my groove All the swaggers throw ur hands up All the swaggers throw ur hands Step, step, step, step, step step on it (x2) Throw ur hands up Im clappin and droppin you know im the bomb Just get in dont let up and don't get in wrong To roll with me you need to do like i do You wish you were me and you know that's the truth You nasty You freaky You sexy You on fire Get nasty Get freaky Get sexy Get on fire (I know!) Go go go girl Go go go girl Go go go girl Go go go girl You can step to my groove Step, step to my groove All the swaggers throw ur hands up All the swaggers throw ur hands up You can step to my groove Step step to my groove All the swaggers throw ur hands up All the swaggers throw ur hands Step, step, step, step, step step on it (x2) Throw ur hands up Throw ur hands up Read more at http://www.onlylyrics.com/kayla-lyrics-1063276.php# QFmvxq4QO4GKW7XY.99  [Snoop Dogg] Yeah Man What's Going on Man It's really really pimpin' up in here man I know you ain't seen pimpin' in a long time man, I've been MIA You know what I'm sayin' missin in action I ain't been on no milk carton box But I've been milking and boxing these bitches Cause they got to step they game up, you know what I mean  [Hook: Snoop Dogg] + (Lil Jon) What you lookin' at (step yo game up!) What you waitin' for (step yo game up!) Go on come on in the door (step yo game up!) Drop it to the floor and just (step yo game up!) You a kid (step yo game up!) You drink gin (step yo game up!) Is that your friend (step yo game up!) Tell a nigga you with you better (step yo game up!)  [Lil Jon] Break it down bitch, let me see you back it up Drop that ass down low then pick that motherfucker up [x2] Back that pussy she's a motherfucker [x4] Rub that shit it's yours bitch, grab his dick it's yours bitch [x2] Now turn around bitch, put that ass on a nigga Grind on his dick make it get a little bigger [x2]  [Hook]  [Snoop Dogg] Bitch wanna act like she ain't never been with fast lane pimpin' om 'em Nails with the French tip potato chip yup with a French dip Say she wanna French kiss all on my diz-nick It's cool, go on and break fool if you have to What which you won't do bitch I'mma slap you Stay in line ho it's a pimp affair If you down to get low I can take you there But you can't fake once you hit the gate Shake till it ache, work that birthday cake You say you wanna make it ho Well quit bullshittin' and get naked ho Now you always got to be hot and vicious So move them biscuits and hit them tricks bitch Now you got about a minute to fix this Cuz I'm trying to find a bitch that's bootylicious  [Hook]  [Trina] P-U-S-S-Y, run a world, I'm the girl in the flesh ah Lookin' for a nigga that will suck me like a blow pop Run that dick to the door, do me baby don't stop Same nigga talkin' all that shit Just a little bitch, little balls, little dick Let me show you how to work your tongue like a hurricane We ain't here to play no games, baby give me everything I know you like me when I drop it down low Show it from the back, look back, let it roll Drop it to the floor like a g-bitch supposed to Shake it shake it shake it make a nigga go postal But that's for fucking with a Miami girl Get your man, take his money, and then buy the world So nigga don't front, cuz fat wallets and big dicks is all I want  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] Chuuuch, Breach, Tabernacle [x8]  [Hook]  [Ying Yang Twins in background w/ ad-libs]  [Intro - Pharrell Williams] Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up! turn me up! Yo! turn me up, turn me up! up some more! Up - up some more! Up - up some more! Yeah, up up some more!  [Verse - Pharrell Williams] I walk in the club so dashin, in the latest BBC fashion The light from the strip club flashing Keep the sparkle in my ear rings dancing We're hundred G makers till they cremate us Skateboard P in the lime green gators White chinchilla, million dollar neck glitter Yeah I got security, see that gorilla When you got money, it's hard to hide it Took my hand out my pocket and watched her eyes get Big, took a million to supersize it All the bitches saying hey like my name was Issac Why you put me on blast like that? Shit why you shaking wit an ass like that? Besides I wasn't really trying to smash like that I got a girl - bitch I ain't fast like that This Miami, time's wasting, bet that bass line keep you shaking Look, end of the night all my niggas is waiting Uh uh, not me ma, told ya I'm taken  [Hook - Pharrell Williams & (Lil Jon)] (Stick that thang out!) Some more Uh! uh! some more, skeezer! (Stick that thang out!) Some more Yeah - uh! uh! some more (Stick that thang out!) Some more Uh! uh! some more, skeezer! (Stick that thang out!) Some more Hold it!! Yeah - uh! uh! some more  [Verse - Lil Jon & The Eastside Boyz] I said ain't nothing but tutti fruity Get on the floor if ya got that booty Shake what ya momma gave ya, shake what ya momma gave ya I said ain't nothing but tutti fruity Get on the floor if ya got that booty Shake what ya momma gave ya, shake what ya momma gave ya Dance, too much booty in your pants Dance, too much booty in your pants I said dance, too much booty in your pants Dance, too much booty in your pants Well shake that ass bitch and let me see what ya got Well shake that ass bitch and let me see what ya got Hey! hey! hey! I said shake it, don't break it It took ya momma 9 months to make it I say shake it, dont' break it It took ya momma 9 months to make it Well scrub the ground, scrub the ground, scrub the ground  [Pharrell] Hold it! (okay)  [Bridge - Pharrell Williams] Hey! She really likes to party She really likes to dance She really likes to dance, dance, dance..  [Verse - D-Roc] I like a fine ass bitch, a down ass bitch A money getting bitch, I love that shit Cause she danced in the club, and yes she gon call If you got a little money she taking her clothes off She dance like a muhfucking dance machine Taking her ass to the beat for me Nigga ain't spending more money than a lil bit But I really love that shit, I love that shit!  [Verse - Kaine] Yeah! thick bitch wit a drive to fuck Get her off in the truck and she bound to suck The ho love to bump, she don't like knee pads She scrub em up, her legs that is Fat puddy cat wit a head that's trill The type of bitch have a nigga not paying bills Fo reeeaaalll.. by our God damn selves Fuck thirty niggas and she don't need help  [Hook - Pharrell Williams & (Lil Jon)] (Stick that thang out!) Some more Uh! uh! some more, skeezer! (Stick that thang out!) Some more Yeah - uh! uh! some more (Stick that thang out!) Some more Uh! uh! some more, skeezer! (Stick that thang out!) Some more Hold it!! Yeah - uh! uh! some more  [Bridge]  [Outro - Lil Jon] Dance! DANCE!! OHHH!!! I like the way you dance girl Just bring that shit over and dance on a nigga like me Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! Shaking that thang girl, popping that thang girl Keep shaking that thang girl! keep popping that thang girl Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl!  [Produced by Rick Rubin]  [Intro] Ladies and fuckin gentlemen (Whassup) It's the kings of fuckin crunk (You know it) Me, your boy Lil Jon, Lil Bo, Big Sam On the motherfuckin track, Rick Rubin (Yeah) I don't think y'all ready for this shit (y'all ain't ready nigga) Nothin but some real gangsta shit (gangsta shit) For them niggas and bitches out there (Yeah) Now I'm havin a hard fuckin life right now (a hard life) And I'm gunna give y'all some of my fuckin pain  [Hook - 2X] Why you fuckin wit me? Stop fuckin wit me! Don't be fuckin wit me! Stop fuckin wit me!  [Interlude 1] You know, it seems like no matter, no matter how hard I fuckin try I can't do the right motherfuckin shit Like I be tryin and shit and shit always be turning out fucked up Like my bitch always on my fuckin back talkin bout I need to get a fuckin job Talking bout how I need to pay my fuckin child support and shit Bitch I'm out here tryin to do all that shit but that shit don't go my fuckin way Sometimes you need to get the fuck up off my back And let me learn how to get this shit on my own I want you to stop fuckin wit me Why don't you stop fuckin wit me  [Hook]  [Verse One] Bitch I'm tryin to get a job, but it just don't work (Bitch I'm tryin to get a job, but that shit don't work) Soon as I walk through the door, on they face is a smirk (Soon as I walk through the door, on they face is a smirk) They ain't hirin' no nigga like me in that bitch (They ain't hirin' no nigga like me in that bitch) Tattoos, gold teeth, nigga dreads and shit (Tattoos, gold teeth, nigga dreads and shit) Man, fuck these niggas, I'll go back to sellin' dope (Man, fuck these niggas, I'll go back to sellin' dope) Now my baby mama callin bout that child support (Now my baby mama callin bout that child support) Bitch back the fuck up, and let me smoke my weed (Bitch back the fuck up, let me smoke my weed) Motherfuck you bitch, stop screamin at me (Motherfuck you bitch, stop screamin at me)  [Hook]  [Interlude 2] Seem like no matter what the fuck I do, my bitch, she always on fuckin top of me I'm out here tryin to make fuckin money and shit And everytime I motherfuckin come home this bitch always got something to say I'm cheatin on her and shit, I ain't doin nothin  [Verse 2] I'm tryin hard as I can bitch, leave me alone (I'm tryin hard as I can bitch, leave me alone) You better back your ass up, before you catch it to your dome (You better back your ass up, before you catch it to your dome) I've been out all day, all I want is a beer (I've been out all day, all I want is a beer) Now here yo ass come with bullshit in my ear (Now here yo ass come with bullshit in my ear) I ain't been with no bitch, been tryin' to make this money (I ain't been with no bitch, been tryin' to make this money) Keep pushin' a nigga, ain't shit gon' be funny (Keep pushin' a nigga, ain't shit gon' be funny) You mad cause you heard that a girl like me (You mad cause you heard that your girl like me) You better check that bitch before you come and check me (You better check that bitch before you come and check me)  [Hook]  [Interlude 3] Know what? I'm just gunna leave the motherfuckin house Cause if I stay in this motherfucker, I'm gunna end up fuckin' yo ass up And I ain't tryin' to motherfuckin go to jail I'm just going to jump in my motherfuckin shit get on the highway Find me some dro, and get the fuck away from your motherfuckin ass Before I lose my motherfuckin mind Bye bitch (sirens wailing) Oh shit What the fuck...the motherfuckin police behind me Shit  [Verse 3] Had to get out the house far away from my bitch (Had to get out the house far away from my bitch) Cause if I stay any longer it might be some shit (If I stay any longer it might be some shit) And now I'm on 85, wit my pedal to the flo' (Now I'm on 85, wit my pedal to the flo') And a nigga just fired up a blunt of that dro (And a nigga just fired up a blunt of that dro) The police pulled me over on some seatbelt shit (The police pulled me over on some seatbelt shit) That's when he finds out my license and my tags ain't legit (That's when he finds out my license and my tags ain't legit) Hope he don't pop my truck cause in there it's some shit (Hope he don't pop my truck cause in there it's some shit) Cause I got bout three or four bricks in that bitch (Cause I got bout three or four bricks in that bitch)  [Hook] 4X  [Hook x2] Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go Go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb  [Verse 1: E-40] Ooh. Jesus Christ had dreads, so shake em I ain't got none, but I'm planning on growing some Imagine all the Hebrews going dumb Dancing on top of chariots and turning tight ones Ooh, tell me when to go (dumb) Talking on my Ghettro on the way to the store My 2nd or 3rd trip Some Henny, some Swishers and some Listerine strips Dr. Greenthumb lips, just to ease my thoughts Not just the cops, but the homies you got to watch The moon is full, look at the dark clouds Sitting in my scraper, watching Oakland Gone Wild, ta-dow I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground All that other shit, sugarcoated and watered down I'm from the Bay where we hyphy and going dumb From the soil where them rappers be getting their lingo from  [Hook (x2):] Tell me when to go (x4) Go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb  [Verse 2: Keak Da Sneak] I'm off that 18 dummy juice Nigga yadadamean? Labeled the Black Zeus King of the super duper hyphy (hyphy, hyphy, hyphy, hyphy) And your wifey he don't like me (like me, like me, like me, like me) From the Bay to the A Put me in a Backwood, Swisher sweet bud, orange lace (Let's go, it's dope) It's just some shit I wrote, I said they couldn't be saved by John the Pope (John the Pope) I slid past on the gas, bitches looking at me It's good, it's good like the granddaddy Cross game, you get flipped like a burger patty Or zig-zagged, pass me a big old fatty I drink white, with a snow bunny Talking big shit in the scraper, going hella dummy 1800, Jose Cuervo Yadadamean? Yadada I'm saying though?  [Hook x2]  [Outro: E-40] Now let me direct traffic for a minute (talk to 'em) Now, let me tell you about this hyphy movement we got going in the bay When I say something you say it right back to me, you smell me? We're gonna do it like this right here  [X2] Ghostride the whip, ghostride the whip Ghostride the whip, ghostride the whip Now scrape, scrape, scrape, scrape Now scrape, scrape, scrape, scrape Put your stunna shades on Put your stunna shades on Put your stunna shades on Put your stunna shades on Now gas, brake, dip, dip Gas, brake, dip, dip Shake them dreads, shake them dreads Shake them dreads, shake them dreads Let me see you show your grill, let me see you show your grill Let me see you show your grill, let me see you show your grill Now thizz face, thizz face Thizz face, thizz face Doors open, mayne Doors open, mayne Doors open, mayne Doors open, mayne Now watch em swang, watch em swang Now watch em swang, watch em swang Go stupid, go dumb, dumb Go stupid, go dumb, dumb  [Hook x2]  [Intro: E-40] REMIX! (Ayyyyy!) Ay man, ay it's by popular demand pimp, I need a fix, man Dey demandin a remix, man! (A remix, pimp? A remix!) It's confirmed like a Don King perm (yeah, HA) You got ya boy E-40, you got Kanye West {IT'S ICE CUBE NIGGA!!} Ooooooooohh...  [Hook: (Keak Da Sneak) E-40] (Tell me when to go) Tell me when to go (Tell me when to go) Tell me when to GOOOOOOO... *repeat 2X* ("Dumb" "Dumb" "Dumb" "Du-du-dumb")  [Verse 1: E-40] This bourbon and Carlos Rossi got me feelin like da Man of Steel Energy hyphy drink (drink); spinner steerin wheel Mardi Gras beads around my neck (neck), invisible set Pull-outs (pull-outs!) diamonds on my mouth (BLING) Rally stripes, hustle cars, vans and campers (campers) My dude got handle bars, get out yer cameras (get out yer cameras) Wet the tar down, break out the crates (oooh...) We on the swerve ice skatin, doin figure eights (ERRRH!!!) The King of Slang, they call me Ebonics ('bonics!) I get stupid and dumb like Just Ice and Mantronix ("Dumb-dumb...") ...hear me out (out!) The first motherfucker to even SPEAK about a "Drought" (uh-huh) 40, ya fool, I heard he's growin out his hair (yeah) Sweaaar - yea, he takin it dere UUHHH! (UUHHH!) - it's party music Get used to it - the hyphy music! AHH!  [Hook]  [E-40 - briefly over Hook] Who you know could get Kanye West on the remix? (OOOOOH!) Ay 'Ye, you know they love you in the Yay, boy! (Ay) Speak on it!  [Verse 2: Kanye West] Ay, ay pimp, it's 'Ye, pimp 40 told me dey fuckin wit me in The Bay, pimp So I'ma, ride down with the do's open (do's open manye) Yeah - that's what'll get the hoes open (hoes open manye) High-inch stilettos wit the toes open (toes open) Yeah - and any haters get they nose broken (ooooh) Now, tell me when to go, tell me where the ho's You told me they was cold, now you act like they don't know like - ...Ummmmmmm (ummmm), Ummmmmm (ummmm) I'mma hit the liquor sto', I'mma be on the low I'mma have my hoodie on (yeah) Call out my name and you know dey gon' go ("Dumb") (Dumb!) You fuckin up my mode manye (mayne) I tell you only call me by my code name (code name) Dey al'edy recognize me from my gold chain (gold chain) The same one I gave Keyshia Cole manye (Cole mayne) Now go duuumb, like Cole On Martin, I'm retarded ('ey!)  [Hook]  [Verse 3:Ice Cube] YAY, tell me when to go, niggas get sick (yeah!) Ice Cube on the mic, fifty-one-fifty (Ha!) Nuttin but a fool, y'all know who wit me (yeah!) A West Coast nigga named E-Fo' Liquor (oooh...) We can drink malt liquor til the party get thicker (uh!) Then I get sicker, and go-go dealer (Ayyyyy!) Rollin thru the bank, doors open manye Freaks on the side, walk hopin mayne That dey can jump in, get a lil' sum-thin (uh) Yo Geronimo, bitch cause I gotta go! (AYY!) Burn rubber, leave it in the streets Leave it them dope-ass Little Jon beats (yeah) (Oooooh!) To make you go berserk 'til it hurts Put in work, if you're scared "Go to Church" (yeah) Shake them dreads nigga, FUCK them feds I'm wit the E-4-Oh! (yea) Tell me when to go..  [Hook]  [Hook- E-40] Tell me when to go, tell me when to go Tell me when to go, tell me when to go Dumb, dumb, dumb, d-d-dumb Dumb, dumb, dumb, d-d-dumb  [Verse 1 - E-40] This burgundy colored slushie got me feelin' like the man of steel Extreme Hyphy energy drink, spinning steering wheel Mardi Gras beads around my neck, invisible set Pull outs, diamonds in my mouth Rally stripes, hustle cars, vans and campers My dude got handlebars, get out your cameras Wet the tar down, break out the crates We on the soil ice skatin' doin Figure 8s King of slang, they call me E-Bonics I get stupid and dumb like Just Ice and Mantronix Hear me out The first mothafucka to even speak about a drought 40 a fool, I hear he growin' out his hair You swear? Yeah he's takin' it there This party music, get used to it The Hyphy movement  [Hook]  [Verse 2 - Kanye West] Ay, pimp it's Ye, pimp 40 told me they fuck with me in the Bay, pimp So I'mma ride down with the do's open Yeah that's the way to get the hoes open Yeah, high inch stilettos with the toes open And any haters get they nose broken Now tell me when to go, tell me where the hoes She told me they was cold now you act like you don't know Like "ummmm, ummmm", I'mma hit the liquor store I'mma be on the low, I'mma have my hoodie on If you call out my name then you know they gon' go Dumb, you fuckin' up my mode, man I told you only call me by my codename They already recognize me from my gold chain The same one I gave Keyshia Cole, man Now go dumb like Cole on Martin, I'm retarded  [Hook]  [Verse 3 - Ice Cube] Tell me when to go, niggas get silly Ice Cube on the mic, 5150 Nothin' but a fool, y'all know who with me A West Coast nigga name E-4 liquor We can drink malt liquor till the party get thicker Then I get sicker and go gorilla Rollin' through the Bay, doors open, man Freaks on the sidewalk, hopin', man That they can jump in, get a little somethin' Yell Geronimo, bitch cause I gotta go Burn rubber, leave it in the streets Leave it to them dope ass Lil Jon beats To make you go bezerk till it hurts Put in work, if you scared; go to church Shake them dreads, nigga fuck them feds I'm with E-4-O, tell me when to go  [Verse 4 - Game] Yo, I get hyphy And base All-Stars, Adidas, Hurricanes, Timberlands and Nikes I'm so hyphy, snatch up wifeys Got half the niggas in the NBA tryna fight me I put down the ball, picked up the tech I'm nice around mics like Ron Artest Yeah, better for the West, 40 Water I'm on one Jesus had dreads, so fuck it I'mma grow some Then I'mma shake my shit After that have a bitch braid my shit then chop it off and fade my shit If L.A. is back, that mean the Bay is back And the top on the CLK is back I get dumb, dumb, with the windows tinted Cops pulled the Benz over ain't nobody in it Ghostride the whip, ghostride your shit And when I get writer's block I goes ride your bitch It go front, back then I pull it out Now gas, brake the car peelin' out First Master P, then Pac, then I came from the Bay Don't do it for me, nigga do it for Mac Dre  [Hook]  [Intro] You just popped in the Kanye West Get Right For The Summer workout tape And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly You might bear to pull you a rapper, a NBA player Man, at least a dude wit' a car So first of all we gon' work on the stomach Nobody wants a little tight ass!  [Verse 1] 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this Give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick What's scary to me is Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me So excuse me miss, I forgot your name Thank you, God bless you, good night I came.. I came... I came..  [Hook] It's been a week without me And she feel weak without me She wanna talk it out but Ain't nothin' to talk about 'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out Then maybe we can work it out Work it out (Come on) 4x Work it out now Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on)  [Verse 2] Oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette My name Kanye from the Jigga set Twista set +Get It Wet+ Ooh girl your breath is HARSH Cover your mouth up like you got SARS..  [Lil Jon] STOP! IT'S THA MUTHAFUCKIN' REMIX!!  [Beat changes to Lil Jon's version]  [Farnsworth Bentley] B-E-N-T-L-E-Y Yee ain't know, you betta ask somebody What we gonna do is twirk that body All day at they fitness party Lock them doors, don't tell nobody Gentlemens in the Gentlemen's Club And hitting them with an interesting dub It's upside down that for the A-Town What...y'all...sayin? F.J. Bentley caught misbehaving Yes I'm the captain and I'm saving, all my money Yes I'm just gonna...stand...and watch you dance from over here Matter fact pass the Couvorsier But I will walk you to your car my dear Cheers..  [Hook] It's been a week without me And she feel weak without me She wanna talk it out but Ain't nothin' to talk about 'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out Then maybe we can work it out Work it out (Come on) 4x Work it out now Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on)  [Interlude: Ladies speaking w/ Kanye in the background] [Jill] Hi may name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player And like now I shop every day on Rodeo drive I just want to say, thank you Kanye! woooo! woooo! woooo!  [Lasandra] My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say That ever since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's Put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck Ray Ray's Broke ass no mo'  (Work it mo' juke it mo' pump it mo, Chi-town mo' let's go mo')  [Ellie Mae] My name is Ellie Mae from Mobile, Alabama And I just want to say since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide And I row the plain, row the plain, row the plain  [Girl] Thanks to Kanye's workout plan I'm the envy of all my friends See I pulled me a baller man (yeah) And I don't gotta work at the mall again  *Beat changes*  (Lemme break ya wit' a piece of) My favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!) I wanna see you work out (yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah) (It's that old Michael Jackson shit)  That's right put in work, move your ass, go wizzerk Get your salad, no dessert Get that man you deserve It's Kanye's workout plan I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen) It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself) His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (This time around I want y'all to clap like this)  That's right put in work Move your ass, go wizzerk Eat your salad, no dessert Get that man you deserve (Stop!) It's Kanye's workout plan (Ok bring) I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired) It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not, 'cuz on this one I need ya) His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (to give me a soul clap ok? double time)  That's right put in work (Woo!) Move your ass, go wizzerk (Ow! Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!) Get that man you deserve  That's right put in work (Put in work) Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk) Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert) Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh)  That's right put in work (That's right put in work) Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk) Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert) Get that man you deserve (Woo!)  (Okay, okay, okay, that's, that'd be good) *Applause and cheering* (I appreciate your time) I want to see you work out for me Woah yeah  [Intro: Lil Jon (Eastside Boyz)] Let's go Yeeaah Lil' Jon and the motherfuckin' Eastside Boyz Ok, Pastor Troy, yeah We represent for everybody All the real niggas in America Where you at, or where the fuck you from? We represent for ya'll We represent for G-A (throw it up) Naptown (throw it up); Tennessee (throw it up) Saint Louis (throw it up); J-Ville (throw it up) Mississippi (throw it up); Alabama (throw it up) V-A (throw it up); Detroit (throw it up) D-C (throw it up); Dallas, Texas (throw it up) The Carolinas (throw it up); Houston niggas (throw it up) Louisiana (throw it up); the Bay niggas (throw it up) Let's go  [Hook: Lil Jon and the Eastside Boyz] (4x) Throw it up, Motherfucker, throw it up (4x)If you scared to throw it up, get the fuck out the club  [Bridge: Lil Jon (Eastside Boyz)] (2x) Back up bitch, get the fuck out my way (Aye move the fuck back bitch, move the fuck back) (2x) What you looking at nigga, what you looking at nigga? (Not me or my clique, we too trill, my nigga) (2x) We to deep off in this bitch, we too deep off in this bitch (It's more of us than it is in the club, stupid bitch) Ya'll niggas over there ( ya'll niggas ain't shit) Ya'll hoes over there (ya'll hoes ain't shit) (4x) We run this (what)  [Hook]  [Verse 1: Pastor Troy] The last nigga, is the pastor, ready to blast ya You know, I don't play no motherfuckin' games D-S-G-B, you know the name Wood grain in the motherfuckin' dually truck Got the black and red seats, with the Georgia tuft And I got my helmet, hangin' out the window Ready to bust the head, of a fuckin' pretender Nigga, as soon as I enter, you know I'm makin' noise Pastor Troy, and the Eastside Boyz A-K bustin', I ride the whole clip I cock that ho, and let it motherfuckin' rip To sank shit, is what I live for Fuck him, Fuck her I'm representin' Put some more 'yac in my mug So I can throw it up  [Hook]  [Lil Jon talking] Ok, ok, hold the fuck up, hold the fuck up I'm looking 'round this bitch I see a lot of niggas ain't throwin' up shit (What) Ya'll niggas must be scared to represent yo shit (You scared) You must be scared, nigga (Scared) Fuck that shit All my real niggas that proud of they hood All my real ladies that's proud of they hood And they ain't never been scared Say this shit  [Bridge: Lil Jon and the Eastside Boyz] (4X) Bitch I ain't scared Bitch I ain't scared Bitch I ain't scared I ain't scared, motherfucker  [Verse 2: Pastor Troy] I'm gon' represent where I'm from In the back of the club, my Tommy gun Though when I chill, fuckin' burn one Leave up out the club, it's me and Little Jon Ballin' in the Benz's, switchin' up lanes Talkin' much shit cause we deep in the game; cocaine All white fuckin' S, fuckin' six Young ass niggas, I guess we filthy rich My whole clique, ready to bust some heads I'mma throw it up, bitch, and I ain't scared Pastor Troy, motherfucker, you know the routine Represent for the home team Throw it up  [Hook]  [Lil Jon] Let's go, let's go Yeahhhh! (yo, yo) Lil Jon and the motherfuckin' East Side Boyz (Ayo), ok, (ayo), Pastor Troy (come on) Yeah! (D-S-G-B, come on), we represent for everybody, everybody All the real niggas in America (come on) Where you at or where the fuck you from (come on) We represent for y'all (come on), who (come on), we represent for  [Lil Jon] G-A, throw it up, Naptown, throw it up Tennessee, throw it up, St. Louis, throw it up J-Ville, throw it up, Mississippi, throw it up Alabama, throw it up, V-A, throw it up Detroit, throw it up, D-C, throw it up Dallas, Texas, throw it up, the Carolinas, throw it up Houston niggas, throw it up, Louisianna, throw it up The Bay niggas, throw it up, let's go  [Lil Jon] Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up (where you from), throw it up If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club  [Lil Jon] Back up bitch, get the fuck out my way Hey, move the fuck back bitch, move the fuck back Back up bitch, get the fuck out my way Hey, move the fuck back bitch, move the fuck back What you looking at nigga, what you looking at nigga Not me or my click, we too trill my nigga What you looking at nigga, what you looking at nigga Not me or my click, we too trill my nigga We too deep off in this bitch, we too deep off in this bitch It's more of us than it is in the club stupid bitch We too deep off in this bitch, we too deep off in this bitch It's more of us than it is in the club stupid bitch Y'all niggas over there, y'all niggas ain't shit Y'all hoes over there, y'all hoes ain't shit We run this, what, we run this, what We run this, what, we run this, what  [Lil Jon] Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up (where you from), throw it up If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club  [Pastor Troy] The last nigga is the Pastor Ready to blast ya You know (come on), I don't play no motherfucking games D-S-G-B, you know the name Wood grain in the motherfucking Dooley truck Got the black and red seats with the Georgie tuft And I got my helmet hanging out the window Ready to bust the head of a fucking pretender Nigga as soon as I enter you know I'm making noise Pastor Troy and the East Side Boyz A-K bustin', I ride the whole clip I cock that ho and let it motherfucking rip To sank ship is what I live for Fuck him (haha), fuck her (come on) I'm representing, put some more Yak in my mug (come on) So I can throw it up  [Lil Jon] Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up (where you from), throw it up If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club  [Lil Jon] Yeah, ok, ok, hold the fuck up, hold the fuck up, yeah I'm looking round this bitch, aha I see a lot of niggas ain't throwin' up shit, what Y'all niggas must be scared to represent your shit, you scared You must be scared nigga, you scared Fuck that shit, fuck it All my real niggas, what's up, that's proud of they hood, yeah All my real ladies, yeah, that's proud of they hood, yeah And they ain't never been scared, yeah Say this shit, yeah  [Lil Jon] Bitch I ain't scared, bitch I ain't scared Bitch I ain't scared, I ain't scared motherfucker Bitch I ain't scared, bitch I ain't scared Bitch I ain't scared, I ain't scared motherfucker Bitch I ain't scared, bitch I ain't scared Bitch I ain't scared, I ain't scared motherfucker Bitch I ain't scared, bitch I ain't scared Bitch I ain't scared, I ain't scared motherfucker  [Young Buck] Born in the dirty dirty, stop and they still spinnin' They tried to hit me like 50 but bitch I'm still livin' Flinch and I get ya hit, do it like them Georgia boys The A-K with the rubber grip, it's something they ain't seen before Look Jon I think they scared, let's bring them down south And show 'em how the Chevy's look and how our hoes bounce Shorty don't want no trouble, shorty don't wanna fight But let him keep talkin' I bet ya shorty gon' die tonight I planned on gettin' put out the club before I came My hood down for whatever, we all ride with them thangs Breakin' bottles across niggas heads, fuck what a hater said Them gangstas don't live long as the ones that ain't breakin' bread I tried to keep it up, just quit and let my man's get it Don't see no bricks but I still got my hands in it CashVille Ten-A-key, I told y'all I'm a blow it up G-Unit soldier, my nigga, now come and throw it up  [Lil Jon] Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up motherfucker, throw it up Throw it up (where you from), throw it up If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club If you scared to throw it up get the fuck out the club  [Intro: Sample from "I Call Your Name" by Switch] I used to think about immature things Y'know like, do you love me, do you want me Are you gon' call me like you said you would Is this really your real phone number  [Lil Jon] Wait a minute motherfuckers  [Verse 1 Andre 3000] Ain't a hood nigga but a nigga from the ho-od See Momma stayed on me so I turned out pretty go-od But if you wanna try, sucker now then we can do it Ha-ha sleep, Tylenol PM if I pull it Sh-sh-sheep, count 'em for the rest of ya life Yeah, yeah your partner got away but now he vegetable-like So, so I sent his mom and dad a whole case of V8 He can die, any second, how much long it's 'gon take Gon get it over with, oh what if, you were in my loafers then You might be the dope but I would flush it down the toilet Like the boys in blue, when they come through with them boots And they kickin down the do', and they don't care who they shoot But we do care who they shoot, so we do what we must do So we act like we run track, then we run straight to the back But they comin from the back, so we run back to the front They say get down on ya knees we say what the fuck you want They want cheese, they want bread, they want dough, they want mo' Than I wanna give 'em but if I keep talkin' they won't know That my cousin in the back, and we call him Roto-Rooter Slash plumber, cash runner, and he fire on them computers, log out  [Refrain: Rich Boy] Fuck niggas wanna jack Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac Throw some D's on that bitch Just bought a Cadillac Throw some D's on that bitch Just bought a Cadillac Rich Boy sellin crack, fuck niggas wanna jack Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac Throw some D's on that bitch Just bought a Cadillac Throw some D's on that bitch Just bought a Cadillac  [Jim Jones] Shout outs to Rich Boy, Mobile Alabama, let's get it Shout outs to Rich Boy, we all wanna be rich, boy Alabama bricks boy tryin' to get them big toys Two-twelve motorin' tell Harry, throw some D's on that bitch Now I'm gettin' fly couple G's on the fit I'm at the jeweler now throw some freeze on the bitch I got a chest cold and I might sneeze on the bitch We at the strip club we throw some G's on that bitch cause we ballin' We all OutKasts, hot cars, we coppin' cash Chop shop, the added stash, cop cars can kiss my ass The car wash my whips, glowin' no tints we fish bowlin' No top with the piff blowin', throw some D's on that bitch And we go hard, Zone 4, D-Boy squad We don't need the bar, coast with lawyers baby just to beat the charge We got a fetish coppin' speedy cars charge it to my Visa card They never thought that we'd get large  [Murphy Lee] Lunatics sittin' fat, St. Louis on the map Sixty-nine wet black, I just got my Cutty back Throw some D's on that ho, I just got my Cutty back Throw, throw some D's on that ho, I just got my Cutty back  [Nelly] How could I slip, how could I fall When you're baby mama got my poster high up on her wall And that ain't all she done gave me them drawers  [Murphy Lee] I'm Murphy Lee please tell yo' sexy little sister I called Last time she asked me for some money I was sent to the North But now I'm rich and she can get it see these D's match my fitted  [Nelly] My paint is banana splitted inside is totally ig'nant Outside is totally kitted, to be specific it's wicked how them Derrty Boyz did it  [Murphy Lee] That Buick Regal, I lit it My Monte Carlo's terrific That El Dorado (Got switches) Tamika and them, I done hit it That twenty mill, I done spent it, that house on the hill And that diamond herringbone you know them niggas did it Walk up in the strip club, lookin for a big butt Shawty wanna get fucked, I brought about ten what Throw throw some ones on 'em Mo, I brought about ten what Throw throw some ones on 'em Mo, I brought about ten what  [Refrain: Rich Boy]  [Rich Boy] It's Rich Boy yeah baby I'm a baller I dropped a hit and had to go park my Impala I threw some D's on that Lac and now it's taller They see the wheels on my De Ville so they holla Let's get this dollar, I got the fat man 'Lac Took it to the paint shop and got the fat man black I hold my jacket with my Tokyo Adidas on Ho don't even call my phone if you ain't gonna get me on So fuck you haters, I'll see you later Might see the gator, in my Escalator Mama told me put some D's on it son you ridin' wrong So I took them 20's off and put the monster wheels on  [Refrain: Rich Boy]  [The Game] All red Chevrolet, 26's ridin' high Dukes of Hazard doors, in Compton we call 'em suicides Suede roof, leather seats, woodgrain steering wheel Candy apple hardtop, Game logo on the grill California license plate ridin' through the A-T-L Keep my tires bald I never leave a paper trail Nah I'm a keep it clean, ball when I hit the scene Elbow out the window, show 'em how to gangsta lean Put Cali on the map, westside on my back Hometown on my face, forty-five on my lap Twenty in my earlobe, hundred on my neck piece Just bought a Bentley nigga and I'm a throw some D's on that bitch Pull up at the rim shop and throw some D's on that bitch Might as well cut the top Let the sunshine in and the bass jump out Hit the block 15's vibratin' the whole fuckin' house  [Produced by DJ Snake]  [Intro] Fire up that loud, another round of shots  [Hook 10x] Turn down for what?  [Bridge 8x] Fire up that loud, another round of shots  [Hook 5x] Turn down for what?  [Intro] Fire up that loud, another round of shots  [Hook] Fire up that loud, another round of shots Turn Down For What x5  [Verse 1: Juicy J] Yeah, Ya Boy Juicy J, Uh-Huh Pour up, uh Smokin' loud on a yacht Louis V everythang to my motherfuckin socks And I'm living at the top No ice in my drink, got enough in my watch And these girls gon wild Shots got us turnt up, so we can't turn down VIP gettin' served like tennis balls Bank accounts dizzy cause we spend it all Gettin payed, turnt up, theres no better way Amsterdam smokin I stay at the heaven gates In the club and she goin off that snow white Pourin up Actavis, I need more sprite Throw this Throw this cash watch me start a riot Leave the club then we take the chicks to the Hyatt Still got my whole clique on a kush diet Ass clappin on that money pilin  [Hook]  [Verse 2: 2 Chainz] Your Majesty walkin through the magic straight Pussy good I put it on a dinner plate Leave the strip club for a dinner date Tryna stop me from smoking like Nicko Ray Everywhere I go I smell like a Marley All the bitches with me look like barbie I ain't wrote in a verse since Lee Harvey I dress all my cars up Steve Harvey (Tru) I see that she drinkin a lot She turn up and she takin them shots And my watch is so big You can see it from the parking lot You know me I'm just lookin for thots I'm so hot So high, Someone need to turn off the watch My shirt off and I'm takin them shots nigga Turn down for what  [Hook]  [Verse 3: French Montana] Haaan! You know when you hear that haaan Montana, DJ Snake I might pull up in the lamb' or the gat' Bring a hundred bitches hundred bottles Turnt up turn down now G5, G6 fly through anywhere Turn up till theres no way to turn it Burn the roof off Let the mother fucker burn Let the mother fucker burn Burn mother fucker Baby won't swallow Tell it to another sucker Made a mill, made another, what a feeling I fuck a bitch, I'm floating all the money to the ceiling I ain't cuff em, i don't love em I ain't catching feelings I fill this club up to the fucking ceiling  [Hook]  [Intro: Lil Jon] Yeah! I need about 5 more Don Julio shots Gorilla Zoe!  [Chorus] In the club, getting twisted hit the floor if you with me In the club, getting twisted hands up if you're with me In the club, getting twisted hands up if you're with me In the club, getting twisted, getting twisted, getting twisted  [Verse 1: Gorilla Zoe] Ok, let's go Shawty got her hands on ground and her ass on my face Don't tell her my boy dranks on the face Do another round 'bout to buy another case Why ya in a rush? Say what your mama givin? Maybe wanna meet your mama Yah, got me throwin' money, baby girl let's rhumba We can have a slumber party, hardy, drinks everywhere baby we gon' be tardy Girl your ass is memorable, you should be a center fold Got me stuck, I'm so caught up, on oc-to-pus no tentacles Remind your ass how fine you is, tell your man how blind he is Babe, that's it, rewind that shit, DJ might say rewind this bitch  [Chorus] Dance, shake what's in your pants, do it with no hands Or in the 3 point stance, get out of control Make your booty roll, there's no stoppin', let's go Put your hands on the floor, put your hands on the floor In the club, getting twisted hit the floor if you with me In the club, getting twisted hands up if you're with me In the club, getting twisted hands up if you're with me In the club, getting twisted, getting twisted, getting twisted  [Verse 2: Gorilla Zoe] We getting twisted in the club, you tell me what's in your car We got bottles off the bar, you got bud then roll it up You got cash then throw a stack You got hands then throw it back We got Rose motel, getting twisted that's a fact Shots, we can do a couple, 2 more of those and I just might love her Tell her bring a friend, we just might do it You nasty girl, you look like trouble No fan zone, don't let me bust your bubble Bounce that bubble like r-r-r-rubble, eat it like supper Wake up in the morning, blame it on the liquor I was drunker than a motherfucker  [Chorus] Dance, shake what's in your pants, do it with no hands Or in the 3 point stance, get out of control Make your booty roll, there's no stoppin', let's go Put your hands on the floor, put your hands on the floor In the club, getting twisted hit the floor if you with me In the club, getting twisted hands up if you're with me In the club, getting twisted hands up if you're with me In the club, getting twisted, getting twisted, getting twisted In the club, getting twisted hit the floor if you with me In the club, getting twisted hands up if you're with me In the club, getting twisted hands up if you're with me In the club, getting twisted, getting twisted, getting twisted Let's go, let's go  [Hook: T-Pain] Girl I've been shakin, stickin and movin Tryin to get to youuuuu and that booty {*3X*} Girl I've been shakin and actin a donkey Tryin to get to youuuuu and that monkey {*3X*}  [Bridge: T-Pain] Girl he's simpin, simpin Walk up in the club with a limp and, limp and Girl listen What'cha gon' doooooo with this pimpin What'cha gon' doooooo with this pimpin  Girl I'mma call ya, call ya Later on tonight or tomorrow, morrow Now follow What'cha gon' doooooo with this baller What'cha gon' doooooo with this baller  [E-40 Talking] E-40, T-Pain, ooooh  [Verse 1: E-40] What'chu gon' do when I bend the block Pull up on that ass in a brand new drop Speakers on blast with tremendous knock TV's in the dash, rims just won't stop You need to be down with a pimp like me I ain't turnin down nuttin but my collar ya see I'mma leave you with my number you should holla at me Cause I'm a baller can't nobody hustle harder than me Oooooh  [Hook]  [Verse 2: E-40] Oooooh, big ass is right I ain't tryin to let that pass me tonight I'mma put my bid in and tell you somethin slick Whisper in your ear while I'm holdin my dick I don't mean no harm, it's the hood in me Sippin on that Richard Hennessy Psychadelic colors in my jewelry Suckers hella jealous cause you're diggin me Oooh - now what'chu gon' do momma? I'm tryin to dip later on, me and you momma I like the way that you groove when you move momma You know the women love me, I'm the 40-Water! Poppin my P's cause I'm laced with game Nothin but the Yay flowin through my veins She wears Miss Sixty can't fit into Gucci Cause her ass big enough to sit a cup on her booty Goodness!  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Kandi Girl] Yeah I see you lookin, lookin But my ass in these jeans got you shooken, shooken I don't think you know what to dooooo with this pussy What'chu gon' dooooo with this pussy Yeah I know you want this, want this Try to chase me through the club for this good shit, good shit But I don't think you can hannnnnndle this pussy What'chu gon' dooooo with this pussy  [Verse 4: E-40] You lookin like you got that good gushy gushy Fuck around with me I'll beat the brakes off that pussy Have your ass cummin like a porno star movie Tell your friends and I bet they all wanna do me Hoes know me, I'm E-4-oh They recognized pimpin when I stepped in the do' Higher than a satellite, full of that 'dro Holla at a player when you're ready to go! Oooooh  [Hook]  Do what you wanna do (uh uh) You can do what you wanna do (uh uh) Its all inside you Amen, Amen!  Cant stop, wont stop moving Dont speak the language Music dont need explaining I know that in the morning now Its gonna be alright I keep grooving Do I have to tell you This music is beautiful too? All I really need to understand is Ill be alright  Because you know Im all about that bass, 'bout that bass Dont tell em You aint even, you aint even gotta tell em No treble Im all about that bass, 'bout that bass Dont tell em You aint even, you aint even gotta tell em Because you know Im all about that boom boom About that bang bang About that beat About that bass About that music  Katy Perry, Juicy J, Jason, I-G-G-Y, Nicki, Jessie and Ari Oh my God Theres no going back  So you can do what you wanna do You already know You can do what you wanna do From LA to Tokyo It was all inside you all the time Remember my name Well, now they know!  So all the cups got broke Im gonna show ya Its clear to see It wasnt my fault I got one less, one less, problem Am I tripping For having a vision? My prediction: Imma be on top of the world  Cant stop, wont stop moving Dont speak the language Music dont need explaining Let it go, (Let her go) Let it go, (When you let her go) Its gonna be alright Say yes, say yes The answer is, this music Whats really crazy All I really need to understand is Ill be alright  Because you know Im all about that bass, 'bout that bass Dont tell em You aint even, you aint even gotta tell em No treble Im all about that bass, 'bout that bass You aint even gotta tell em Its gonna be alright I know you want it That bass, That bass Dont tell em You aint even, you aint even gotta tell em No treble Im all about that bass, about that bass You aint even gotta tell em Thats what you wanna do  Cant stop, wont stop moving Dont speak the language, the music Dont need explaining (Oh, where do we begin?) I know that in the morning now Its gonna be alright I keep grooving Do I have to tell you (Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play) (Bring me down, can't nothing, bring me down) This music is beautiful too? (And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate) (Oh, where do we begin?) All I really need to understand is (Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake) Ill be alright (I shake it off, I shake it off)  So you can do what you wanna do Do what you wanna do You already know You can do what you wanna do From LA to Tokyo It was all inside you all the time So you can do what you wanna do Do what you wanna do Thats what you wanna do Theres no going back  Im so fancy, you already know Im in the fast lane (London to Taiwan) From LA to Tokyo Im so fancy, cant you taste this gold? (It was all inside you all the time) Remember my name, bout to blow, oh, oh (So you can do what you wanna do)  Thats what you wanna do  Amen, Amen, Amen  [Introduction] You either die a hero Or live long enough to watch yourself become the villain Mad Decent will blow your head  [Lil Jon] Yeah, let's do it  [C. Will] MC Real checkin' in Heroes+Villains Play me something ignorant  [Waka Flocka] Hit 'em with the choppa Call me Waka Flocka  [C. Will] You niggas ain't ready for this shit This real shit We goin' all in  [Diddy - "O Let's Do It"] I got my billions up, fuckin' with them white folks Now I don't give a fuck, cause I'm richer than them white folks Lamborghini trucks, y'all ain't even seen it yet Bought me Teterboro just to Diddy bop and land my jet I'm hustlin out of Harlem, Paulie Castellano Bitch, I am a problem, I just bought the Delano Pimpin in my convo, bitches come in combos Pictures of Christopher on my wall all in my condo I don't fuck with fake hoes, all I touch is J-Lo's All I drink is my shit, Ciroc by the case load Movies is my next shit, two mil on my necklace Bad Boy, 80 million motherfuckin' records  [Rick Ross - "O Let's Do It"] I fucked my money up, I bought another Rolls Royce To pick my homies up, my top back like Po Boy Step yo' game up, you ridin' nigga, hold on I switched the game up, one stack that's for the whole zone That's thirty-six a kilo, bitch, I think I'm Nino Bitch, I think I'm Scarface, bitch, I'm Al Pacino Flippin my lil' C-notes, painted my new Benzo Took my bitch to Red Lobster, I can't feed no friends, though Bitch, I'm on my high horse, jewels I rock I die for Cause that shit that I bought, shoot yo' ass that's my fault Bitch, I'm on this asphalt, money makin' be the thing Bitch, I'm on my last straw, them choppers always do the thing  [Hook 1 - Waka Flocka] Yeah O, let's do it Hey, o, let's do it Hey, o, let's do it Yeah Drug dealin' music Hey, I influence Hey, I influence  [C. Will] This the type of shit that make you wanna eat your young Cobra  [Waka Flocka Flame - "O Let's Do It"] I fucked my money up Now I can't re-up Ran up in his spot Just to get my stacks up Now I'm back on deck So shawty, what the fuck you want Heard he talkin' shit But this ain't what the fuck he want Lock my CEO up, now it's back to coka Niggas talkin' shit brah, hang 'em by the rope-a Hit 'em wit the choppa, call that shit hot llama Call me Waka Flocka, AKA Young Wild Nigga AKA Young Drug Dealer Got purp, got kush, got pills, got white In the trap all night, with the hard and soft Stacks on the flo', watch {?} boy whip it Shook it to the left then he shook it to the right So Icey, Brick Boys, got it all night These lame ass niggas ain't got no fight Kick in my door, we gon' shoot out all night  [Gucci Mane - "O Let's Do It"] Yeah Brr, brr, Gucci I stack my money up, Brick Squad we so g'd up I'm countin cash in my office, sippin coffee with my feet up Haters sendin threats, like they want beef but dey know dey don't Meet Flocka at the dealership, I told him get what the fuck you want They locked my homeboy Verne up, 1999 for murder Now niggas claiming Zone 6, that I ain't never heard of  [C. Will] Half my whole staff been to jail this year Shouts out to Right Street Daddy Two Time Proski  [Gucci Mane - "O Let's Do It"] Hit you with the carbon, but why when I got shooters You heard Gucci was locked up, but that was just a rumor Got purp, got pills, got lean, [plus I got powder for you snorters You wanna find me, I-20 to East Atlanta, Georgia I send my female shooters, that rock-a-bye baby 1017 shawty, in my hood we got them AKs  [Hook 1]  [C. Will] Shouts out to all the girls dancing on the tables Bring me four more bottles in this bitch Champagne everywhere Shit ain't a rainstorm This is a motherfucking monsoon  [Hook 2 - Roscoe Dash - "Show Out"] Everywhere I go I Dress up and I go out I got lots of gwalla, let me show you how I show out Everywhere I go I Dress up and I go out I got lots of gwalla, let me show you how I show out Gucci, Louis, Prada, man I'm all about my dollas I be all up in the mall ballin like it's no tomorrow Gucci, Louie, Prada, man I'm all about my dollas I be all up in the mall ballin like it's no tomorrow  [C. Will] You see us all Gucci ? All black everything All black this, all black that Whole crew, black everything EAV, where y'all at All the ?, all the Duponts This some Atlanta shit From the trenches to the burbs We got this shit on lock Everywhere, Fourth Ward, Boulevard Riverstown Anywhere you might get shoutout That's us  [Roscoe Dash - "Show Out"] I got lots of gwalla, I spend it I'm a ball-a-hollic like my money never ending Pockets on swole just like Popeye on his spinach Like Roscoe why you grind so hard I'm like, I'm tryna get it And that's just how I do it, hit the mall with 'bout 10 stacks But you know that I blew it Hit the club and threw it That's just how we do it V.I.P. with M.M.I., you know we gon' be stupid You know I make it rain ho Goosey by the bottle, blowin' fruity like a mango Gone and catch this change ho, yeah we in this thang ho It's R-O-S-C-O-E Dash, I'm headed for the fame ho  [Hook 2]  [Roscoe Dash - "Show Out"] Show out, show out, show out, all I do is show out Inhale the kush, then I blow out SS Camero bitch, watch me as I go out Back to the crib with you girl and I go out We don't even go out, all she do is ho out I don't even know her and I fucked her, what you know 'bout that See all she know is Roscoe got them racks Now my meat's between her buns like a fuckin' Big Mac And everytime she place her order, I be there to deport her I get heads and tails like both sides of the quarter Shawty bad, she expensive So you prolly couldn't afford er But every time I see her it's crunch time, like we in the fourth quarter, and I'm gone  [Hook 2]  [C. Will] Me, ? Sittin' out on a beach right now With a McDonald's bag full of 20 dollar bills Throwin' 'em at each other Cause we just livin' that rifle Y'all nigga hate itm but we love it Keep hatin' Have you seen our hair These niggas got a bag of Purell in the booth Trash bags of Purell That's all we keep on the deck You don't never know when you got a dump a nigga out And clean a nigga up If you ain't racin' in your whip right now Kill yourself Let's go  [Lil Jon] Hey, it's your boy Lil Jon Gettin' it crunk with the Heroes+Villains  [C. Will] Shouts out to everybody still wearin' white T-shirts and baggy pants We make music for y'all We make music for the tall Ts All them pop ass clubs y'all be tryin' to go to We off that This straight for the trenches No bottle service Fuck that hipster shit  [Gucci Mane - "Lemonade"]  [Hook 3 - "Lemonade"] Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts Lemonade in shade with my feet up Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup Lemons in their face, watch em freeze up  [Gucci Mane - "Lemonade"] My Phantom sitting on sixes, no twenties in my job Your Cutlass motor knocking because it is a lemon I like them Georgia peaches, but you look more like a lemon These sour apple bitter bitches I'm not fucking with 'em I'm truly stupid paid, that's just how I feel today I'm moving slow cause codiene syrup's in my lemonade I'm standing in the shade and I'm selling lemonade Six hundred a pint, the going rate off in the A Lemonade diamond bracelet, put it in your face Lemonhead diamond earrings I wore yesterday I'm pimping wearing lemon, that's just how I'm chilling I'm smoking grits and selling chickens Corvette painted lemons Gucci  [Hook 3]  [C. Will] Daniel Disaster do it so hard He got a soundproof room made out of fur Shit like being inside a werewolf Shouts out to Blackberry Caesar BBMing, always Shouts out to Triple A Yeah, he made that Ty Jones, East Atlanta Yeti What up  [Gucci Mane] I got lemonade and lemon-tint Lemons, watch me mix the shit Lemonade-complexion East-Australian girl be killing me She say I be killing her I say I be feeling it Four days then I'm sick of her, cause her brain is lemonhead Cocaine-white exterior, interior lemonade Yellow with the off-white trimming I call that the super drank Yellow diamond pinky ring, call that there the lemon rock Jewelry box a lemon bin My earring size of apricot Yeah I smoke that strong a lot Yeah I need some of what you got Half a pound of lemon kush Call that pack the lemon drop Canary yellow lemon watch Big bird, yellow top Yellow Polo, Polo slippers, white and yellow Polo socks Gucci Mane be pumping dog He don't got all he say he got Just stash one Lemon homie I can supply them the fifty Glocks Yellow boat parked at the dock Yellowbone gon' make the drop Flip the flop, mine off the top Then go buy me a yellow yacht  [Hook 3]  [C. Will] Everybody holdin' red cups right now Bumpin' this shit at a barbeque We on that If you wearin' some Crocs or some khaki shorts right now You need to get off that If you got a ski mask on And you drivin' in a car with three windows and four doors We on that Shouts out to everybody who ride bicycles to the club Then walk home  [Gucci Mane - "Lemonade"] Lemonade my townhouse in Miami, I want yellow carpet Woke up in the morning Fucking bought a yellow Aston Martin Yellow bricks, yellow dust, yellow ring, yellow tuss Yellow pills, spinning wheels, yellow weed, re-up with us Coward ass nigga, yellow stripe, you a yellowback AK hit your dog, and you can't bring Old Yeller back Yep Gucci bang up eighty thousand, that's a yellow safe Yellow homes, mellow homes, you know you a scary-cat No sleep for two days, so my pupils look yellow Five flights, six shows, quarter million on my schedule Bangladesh and Gucci Mane, niggas know they in trouble Green ice, red light, caution, Gucci rock yellow  [Hook 3]  [C. Will] Daniel Disaster just came in here With some fur boots and a headband Talkin' 'bout let's turn this up  [Hook 4 - Roscoe Dash - "All The Way Turnt Up"] All the way turnt up  [Roscoe Dash - "All The Way Turnt Up"] DJ turn me up, crank it to the max I got lots of gwalla, I be blowing stacks Polo on my hat, shoes and shirt that match I be so turnt up, I be swagging to the max If you get it in, and you gettin' dough Gon' pop a bottle, this right here your song Purple by the zone, you can smell it on my clothes And it went up in my swisher, 'bout to take one to the dome I'm gone, in another zone I be riding on the engine, with the woofers goin' strong They like, what is goin' on I don't really know Then I roll down all my windows, and I crank this shit some mo'  [Hook 4]  [C. Will] If you haven't done seen a color in the past two years We on that All you technicolor time machine electric boogaloo motherfuckers We off that  [Soulja Boy - "All The Way Turnt Up"] Hopped up out the bed, what's happenin' Soulja Boy tell 'em, they can't turn up to my level man Yeah, money on the table All up in Mexico, gettin' to the pesos Whoa, check out the gear If gettin' money was a sport, I'm MVP every year We get' money over here They must not know where I'm from Yo girl spinnin' on my dick just like a CD-ROM Turnt uuppp Turn up 'til you can't turn no' mo' Burn up 'til you can't burn no' mo' Rock my chain er'where I go Smoke 'til you can't smoke no' mo' Choke 'til you can't choke no' mo Work 'til you can't work no' mo' I'm rich I can't go broke no' mo'  [Hook 4]  [C. Will] You how many damn cellphones are in my pocket right now Cobra Mobile  [Roscoe Dash] Turn up All I know is turn up Smoking like a hippie, I swear all I do is burn up All in VIP and they be acting like they know us I'm like free turn up Excuse me while I turn up All these hoes be chosen but I'm turnt up on the hoes They way I turned up on the road Got'em turned up 'round the globe All these niggas mad cause I be pulling all they hoes Once I get 'em to the room They be turnt up out they clothes like And I be goin' ham I don't think these niggas really know just who I am Bitch, it's R-O-S-C-O-E Dash And I get lots of cash But for short you call me Mr. Way Too Turnt Up For That Ass  [C. Will] All hail the Overthrow Cobra Corps, Dark Rain Heroes+Villains Mad Decent Let's go I swear, they think we like the new age N.W.A Or some bullshit like that And half the crew ain't even black They just niggas with attitude  [Hook] If you fall up in the club And them niggas wanna mug When you step up to they face What they gon' do (Shit!!!)  If you fall up in the club And them hoes start acting up When you step up to them hoes What they gon' do (Shit!!!)  What they gon' do (Shit!!!) 8X  [Verse one: Lil Jon & The Eastside Boyz] Pussy nigga what's up Hell naw you ani't gon' buck All that poppin' at the mouth Gon' get you fucked up (2X)  You done came in the club With your muthafuckin' click We don't give a fuck ho Ya'll pussy like bitches (2X)  It's some Eastside niggas and they deep in this bitch And they step to any nigga that be talkin' that shit It's some Westside niggas and the deep in this bitch And they step to any nigga that be talkin' that shit It's some Northside niggas and the deep in this bitch And they step to any nigga that be talkin' that shit It's some Southside niggas and the deep in this bitch And they step to any nigga that be talkin' that shit  [Hook]  [Verse Two: Lil Scrappy] My brain is taking in too much pain I'm bout to explode first, and then take names But it's cool lil' shorty don't be so alarmed I learned to buck nigga when I jabbed in the arm I don't play wit muthafuckas cause the shit be real Make you hold your breath longer than the Navy Seal And them bows gon' leave you ass dead in the past Ain't no way you can differ your dick from your ass  I drop bows wit my nigga fuck hoes wit my nigga How the fuck you think I feel about this arm in your figure It's a closed casket for them hating bastards It's some G's that's real, it's a mess of faggots Who you talkin' to bitch, what you gon' do trick When it's obvious to see that you ain' t do shit Lil Scrappy the prince and I ain't takin' no junk I'm a quiet crunk nigga and fuck being a punk  [Hook]  [Hook: Lil Jon & The Eastside Boyz] I'm walkin' round this mutha fuckin' club (What!!!) Them niggas still lookin over here and shit (Lookin over here talkin and shit!!!) Think we gon' have to get some muthafuckin' stragihtening going on this muthafucka (Yeah!!!) This what we gon muthafuckin' do (What's up!!!) We gon walk over to these muthafuckin' niggas (Yeah!!!) Talk to their ass like this..... (Like this)  Only bitches talk shit Only bitches talk shit Only bitches talk shit That's why we bustin' your shit (2X)  [Hook]  [Vamp till end]  [Intro] [Lil Jon]: Yeah!!!  [Elephant Man] (Lil Jon) Yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yiggy yiggy (What!!!) Yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yiggy  [Lil Jon] (*Elephant Man) Check this out right! It's Lil Jon and the motherfuckin Eastside Boyz (What!!!) The Kings Of Crunk (What!!!) back at you with some new shit (Yeah!) Now just cause we 'gon platinum and shit (What!!!) Don't mean we 'gon change nigga (What!!!) We the motherfuckin Kings Of Crunk! (Yeah!) And we 'gon always get this motherfucker crunk (*Down South, Bomb a Drop!!! Come on!!!) Let me talk about some niggas  [Verse 1: Elephant Man] Gangstas get busy throw it up and rep yuh city city Elephant and Eastside Boyz up in the plizzy plizzy Likkle Jon mek dem dance and keepinn it jiggy jiggy Hennessy and Crunk Juice mek dem head dizzy dizzy  [Verse 2: Lil Jon] Fuck nigga what's up hell naw you ain't 'gon buck All that shittin out ya mouth 'gon get ya wet up Fuck nigga what's up hell naw you ain't 'gon buck All that shittin out ya mouth 'gon get ya wet up You done came in the club with your motherfuckin click We don't give a fuck ho, y'all pussy like bitch You done came in the club with your motherfuckin click We don't give a fuck ho, y'all pussy like bitch It's them Eastside niggas and they deep in this bitch And they step to every nigga that be talkin that shit It's them Westside niggas and they deep in this bitch And they step to every nigga that be talkin that shit It's them Northside niggas and they deep in this bitch And they step to every nigga that be talkin that shit It's them Southside niggas and they deep in this bitch And they step to every nigga that be talkin that shit  [Hook: Lil Jon] If you fall up in the club and them niggas wanna mug When you step up in they face what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) If you fall up in the club and them hoes start actin up When you step up in they face what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) A what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) What they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) What they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) A what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) A what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) What they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) What they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) A what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) (Lady Saw: Yuh see mi?)  [Verse 3: Lady Saw] Sit yuh fuckin ass down before yuh get shot down Shut yuh mouth now bitch before yuh get slapped down Lady Saw and Likkle Jon have di place locked down If yuh nuh like how we do it then back di fuck down Yuh need to bite yuh lips, stop talkin shit All yuh bitches out there caan do it like this Our styles our hips and all yuh hypocrites Shut di fuck up before yuh feel we case switch Tell me what are you gonna do? (Weh yuh a go do?! Huh!!!!) When Lil Jon and the crew come through (I don't know! I don't know!) I would run the fuck home if I were you (I would get my ass home right now) Stop tryin to walk a mile or two in our shoes (Yo mek mi tell yuh this now!!!) Now mek mi send fi mi bwoys dem shoot up di car Send fi di shottas then tell dem a war All yuh fools should know who we are Neva yuh disrespect no star Crazy!!! Yuh know we hype!!! We are facety sometimes nice We aren't no babies so all you guys Please shut yuh mouth and stop all di lies (Fools!!!)  [Verse 4: Elephant Man] Mi ready ready ready mad mi sick mi head gone Mi ready ready ATL, Elephant Man ready!!!  [Hook: Lil Jon] If you fall up in the club and them niggas wanna mug When you step up in they face what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) If you fall up in the club and them hoes start actin up When you step up in they face what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) A what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) What they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) What they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) A what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) A what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) What they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) What they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) A what they 'gon do! (SHIT!!!) [Verse 5: Elephant Man] A ready! What yuh ice grillin mi for? (Dem a club badbwoy!) Step to we yuh get destroyed (Dem a club badbwoy!) Knock yuh out like we do Roy (Dem a club badbwoy!) Dem a club bad who? Club badbwoy! Lil Jon run di city (That's what's up!) Disappear when yuh see we (That's what's up!) Jamaicans nah nuh pity (That's what's who!) That's what's up! (A weddy!!!!) We nuh care who yuh pray to could a holla could a Buddha When mi shotta come try stand up like Luda See if yuh nuh get end up out di ruga (RAH!!!!) Push di nozzle in yuh mouth mek yuh suck on it like a soda Yuh coulda, bawl fi yuh muma well if a Aruba Jon squeeze di ruga try stop it wid yuh ooba cahooba Shot inna di ATL mek him head land ova Cuba Lil Jon mad, nah nuh head, why yuh spreadin ruma? Yuh story dem nuh logic cau yuh only a assuma (Kill yuh gooba) Yuh nuh hear seh dat we get we gun diploma Shot will mek yuh big head fly wey like witch deh pon a brooma Sound from mi gun buss and a give yuh brain tooma Fire from di nozzle just a bun yuh like a fooma Stack who nuh site yuh dead and dog a draw wey yuh Puma Fiber glass Glock dat a mek out a Aluma Get mi cross Likkle Jon, yeah! Gangstas get busy throw it up and rep yuh city city Elephant and Eastside Boyz up in the plizzy plizzy Likkle Jon mek dem dance and keepinn it jiggy jiggy Hennessy and Crunk Juice mek dem head dizzy dizzy [Outro: Lil Jon] (Elephant Man) Hey! (Come on!) Hey! Hey! Yeah! Hey! (Scoobay! Away!) It's the motherfuckin remix! Yeah! (Clear!) It's the motherfuckin remix! (Bomb a drop!) Hey! (Come on!)  [Produced by Sam F]  (When will the bass drop? x4 *fades*) x3 When will the bass drop? x11 *fades* When will the bass drop? x4 *fades* When will the bass drop? x4 *fades* When will the bass drop? x30  [Lil Jon] Get turned up to death! Get turned up to death!  [E-40 - Hook] White girl (8X) ("White girl" continues to repeat 8X in background) I got that, white girl I got that, white girl Girl girl (8X)  [E-40] I throw the yola in the pot, let it simmer and bathe Add a little baking soda, make it foam like aftershave I like to serve my dope wet, cause it weigh a hella lot more You can smell the residue and the fumes from next door Ooh, turf superstar, microwaves and pickle jars Portable digital scales, custom painted muscle cars Pimpin' where the razor blade? Use a safety pin What they goin fo'? Nigga what you trying to spend? When it's a drought I just sit on my dope and wait For the prices to skyrocket and rise like real estate I got that ice cream, that candy, that girl, that white white white My car's a Charger 2006 Hemi, tight tight tight I'm a d-boy, (Bootch?) I thought you knew Just like every other motherfucker in my crew (BEOTCH!) Bundle in the bushes, chopper up in the tree AK will light up your chest like E.T  [E-40 - Hook]  [Juelz Santana] Uhh, now let me introduce the world to my girl She white, she bright, she shine like a pearl And I ain't talking 'bout Lindsay Lohan I'm talkin 'bout that sniff that blow man, (what?) that One hit that'll get you open Might make your nose bleed, if it's potent So if you're not ready, homie don't tamper with it She the chick who had Tony Montana slippin' She so bad she make you mad But soon as you get mad, she make you cash That white girl, but she ain't always that light She ain't always that bright, she ain't always that white Nope; gimme one girl, I mean one gram I'll teach how to give a white girl a suntan Put it in that pot, 'til it get that hot Then start to Sir Mix-A-Lot  [E-40 - Hook]  [Bun B] Well down in the Dirty, South to be exact Gettin money with white girls is a well-known fact I like 'em black, brown, Puerto Rican or Asian But nothin bring the bread back like a caucausian Whether, winter fall, summer or spring A white girl's always down for doing the damn thing (fo' sho') Put her on the highway, she ain't no punk Got a white girl drivin with white girls in the trunk (hold up) I ain't lying, it's the best thing going When my white girl's around, it's always snowing Momma can't stand her, tellin me to switch Sayin I'mma go to jail fuckin with that white bitch (no shit) Always around to keep me paid With some white girls on my team, I got it made So if you down on your luck, and got no money Then do what I do (what?) go get you a snow bunny, man a  [E-40 - Hook]  [Pimp C] I got the Pyrex working with the white girl in it It's the dope Superbowl and nigga, I'm 'bout to win it No question marks or commas, nigga we got the scarma When we through with this batch, we going out to the Bahamas I keep them stiff broads when I'm fucking with the hogs Cause they never get stopped by the motherfucking cops Bootch look hard but the bitch is a fraud Don't like to see me ball, want me to go rock a rock Move around bitch, you need to get out the way I keep a young Susie when it's time to move yay You need to learn the game before you try to play Cause like Calgon, them laws will take you away So I keep me a snow bunny, riding in the front With a triple zillion head and a platinum cunt Ya already know they eat nuts like a squirrel Let me hit you in your ass and bust nuts in your curl White girl (*laughing*) Bitch!  (Computer Voice) Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight, Ight  (Come in after 7th Ight) Wuz up, wuz up, wuz up, wuz up, wuz up, wuz up, wuz up  (Eastside Boyz with shout outs)  Chorus: (Shake sumethin') [in background] Who u wit', who u wit', who u wit' Get crunk, who u wit (repeat 4x)  (Hook 1): To the flo', to the flo', to the flo', to the flo',to the flo' To the flo, let's go, let's go, to the flo', to the flo', to the flo' To the flo', to the flo', to the flo', to the flo', let's go  (Hook 2): Get 'em up (repeat 16x) Just bounce, just ride (repeat 8x) Just ride (repeat 15x)  (Hook 3): Grab shawty (repeat 16x) Now hump, now hump, now hump, just hump (repeat 4x) Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, shawty  Chorus  (Hook 4): (suup)[in background] Just drop (repeat 15x) Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, like this  (Hook 5): Freak sumethin' (repeat 7x) shawty [repeat 2x] Little lower now (repeat 8x) Get higher now (repeat 8x), Ay! (repeat 15x), shawty  Chorus  (Hook 6): (ight)[in background after 10th wuz up!] Wuz up! (repeat 16x)  (Hook 7): Just bounce (repeat 16x)  (Hook 8): Eastside playa's don't give a what Westside playa's don't give a what Southside playa's don't give a what So put 'em up , so put 'em up (put 'em up) Highclass playa's don't give a what Eastside playa's don't give a what Westside playa's don't give a what So put 'em up (put 'em up), so put 'em up  (Hook 9): (ight)[in background ] Get Crunk (repeat 10x)  Chorus: (until fade) [ight in background]  [Intro: Juvenile + Skip] You can find me in the parking lot By the car a lot-where we spark a lot Up in the hallway it be dark a lot We don't talk to cops cause we all be hot  Homey you need to get you somethin new (why not) Shit I'm ridin somethin green, somethin blue (why not) They gon' respect it when a gangsta come through (why not) They doin numbers, we'll do somethin too (why not)  [Juvenile] Is you doin ya dirt, they really know ya bout ya work If it's over ya turf you goin out there head first Do you know the rules when you got beef with a fool Can you stick and move and do you sleep with the tool You in the camp you bout to make you an examp So when they see the stamp they gon'respect it like a champ You light in the ass but kind of heavy with the cash Be rollin the grass you still totin the solider rag You been out there on the grind spendin most of ya time In a section full of nobody's so you gotta shine Will you bust a head, know how to do it-how to play it Bet a hundred in the field and parlay Can you flip a Z, go back and get a Quater ki When you rid of that call Rico up and order three Put ya people in it cause that's the way you gotta see it If you wanna be respected as the G'est  [Hook: Juvenile + Skip] Homey you need to get you somethin new (why not) Shit I'm ridin somethin green, somethin blue (why not) They gon' respect it when a gangsta come through (why not) They doin numbers, we'll do somethin too (why not)  You can find me in the parking lot By the car a lot-where we spark a lot Up in the hallway it be dark a lot We don't talk to cops cause we all be hot  [Juvenile] You like steaks with pretty hoes in ya face You hate Jake's, you just come home on a case Can you make a name-will you be patient in the game Can you state ya claim, and reputation stay the same Will you hold it down when ya lil'homies ain't around Will you hold ya ground like you the only one in town Is you feelin this, you listen to it when you creep You real in the streets all in the hood with the heat You ain't tryna joke gotta be real for ya folks Is ya people broke they aggravate you on the porch Do you sell weed and you don't never make a profit Do you blow big until it hurt you in ya pocket Is you scared to lose is you a winner all the time You gotta lot to prove lil'sinner on the grind Put ya people in it cause that's the way you gotta see it If you wanna be respected as the G'est  [Hook]  [Juvenile] Do you cheese up when it's a dime in ya grill Do you freeze up when it's that time for a kill If they pop at you is you gon'pop back at 'em You gon'stay away from niggas if they rattin Wanna ride swoll pull up on 24 flats Can you get a ho without you throwin her a stack Is you callin shots can you stay away from the cops You know how to stop you be inside when it's hot You from the East, you from the West, you from the South You from the North, or the Midwest what you about Can you twist a gar without you fuckin up the roll Did you get a car just to be stuntin for the hoes You been out here and it's ya time for a lick Do you know this year is you aknowledgin the shit Put ya people in it cause that's the way you gotta see it If you wanna be respected as the G'est  [Hook]  [Produced by Lil Jon] [Directed by Mr. X]  [Usher] Peace up, A-Town down  [Verse 1: Usher] I was up in the club with my homies, tryin' to get a lil V-I Keep it down on the low key You should know how it feels I seen shorty, she was checkin' up on me From the game she was spittin' in my ear You would think that she knew me I decided to chill Conversation got heavy She had me feelin' like she's ready to blow She's sayin', come get me So I got up and followed her to the floor She said, baby let's go When I told her, I said  [Hook: Usher] Yeah, shorty got down low said, come and get me Yeah, I got so caught up, I forgot she told me Yeah, her and my girl, they used to be the best of homies Yeah, next thing I knew, she was all up one me screamin', yeah  [Verse 2: Usher] She's all up in my head now Got me thinkin' that it might Be a good idea to take her with me Cause she's ready to leave (ready to leave) And I got to keep it real now Cause on a one to ten, she's a certified twenty But that's just ain't me Cause I don't know, if I take that chance Just where's it gonna lead But what I do know is the way she dance Make shorty alright with me The way's she Get Low I'm like, yeah, just work that out for me She asks for one more dance, and I'm like, yeah How the hell am I supposed to leave And I say  [Hook: Usher]  [Verse 3: Ludacris] Watch out, my outfit's ridiculous In the club lookin' so conspicuous And roar, these women all on the prowl If you hold the head steady, I'mma milk the cow And forget about game, I'mma spit the truth I won't stop till I get 'em in their birthday suit So gimme the rhythm and it'll be off with their clothes Then bend over to the front and touch your toes I left the Jag and I took the Rolls If they ain't cuttin', then I put em on foot patrol How you like me now When my pinky's valued over three hundred thousand Let's drink, you the one to please Ludacris fill cups like double D's Me and Ursh' once more, and we leaves 'em dead We want a lady in the street but a freak in the bed that say  [Hook: Usher]  [Outro: Ludacris] Take that and rewind it back Lil' Jon got the beat that make your booty go clap Take that, rewind it back Ursher got the voice make your booty go clap Take that, rewind it back Ludacris got the flow to make your booty go clap Take that, rewind it back Lil Jon got the beat that make your booty go clap  [Introduction: Usher, Freeway, Lil Jon and Ludacris] Peace up, A Town down, Philly, yeah, yeah, okay, okay Usher, Usher, wait, Lil Jon, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  [Verse 1: Freeway] Luda, Usher, Lil Jon and Free When its time, only niggers' rock designer first And we pull up and we crush the curb And the rims so deep, you can't find your feet Can't see past the truck, past the Phantom, the click I catch Hummer, Benz, and Bentley's Wrist froze, step on the grease, crush the guard And, with Jay-Z twisting up weed, the Big Bad Wolf He'll puff your hut down, the gauge, I'll buck rounds Leave you with no knees, the O.G., probably bouncing to rap music The four life fluid and it does make the chicks' scream  [Bridge: Ludacris, Usher and Lil Jon] Take that and rewind it back Lil Jon's got the beat that make's your booty go smack Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go  [Verse 2: Usher and Lil Jon] I was up in the club with my homies' Trying to get a little V I Keep it down on the low key, low key You should know how it feels, hey, hey I saw the shorty, she was checking up on me From the game, she was spitting in my ear You would think that she know me, know me I decided to chill, okay, conversation got heavy She had me feeling like she's ready to blow, watch out Oh, watch out, she's saying, 'Come get me', 'Come get me' So I got up and followed her to the floor She said, 'Baby, let's go', when I told her, 'Let's go', I said  [Hook: Usher and Lil Jon] Yeah, yeah, shorty got down on her knees, said 'Come and get me' Yeah, yeah, I got so caught up, I forgot she told me Yeah, yeah, her and my girl used to be the best of homies' Yeah, yeah, next thing I knew, she was all up on me screaming  [Hook: Usher] + (Lil' Jon in backround) Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah - yeah! Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah - yeah!  [Verse 3: Usher] + (*Lil' Jon*) She's all up in my head now Got me thinking that it might Be a good time to take her with me (with me) Cause she's ready to leave (ready to leave - now!) (*let's let's go!*) Now I got to keep it real now Cause on a 1 to 10 she's a certified 20 But that just ain't me (*hey!*) Cause I don't know, if I take that chance Just where's it going to lead? But what I do know, is the way she dance Make shorty alright with me The way she "get low!" I'm like yeah, just work that out for me She ask for one more dance and I'm like yeah How the hell am I supposed to leave? (*Let's go bring the beat back!*) and I said..  [Hook: Usher] + (Lil' Jon)  [Hook: Usher] + (Lil' Jon in backround)  [Verse 4: Ludacris] + (*Lil' Jon*) Watch out, my outfit's rediculous In the club looking so conspicuous And RAWR, these women all on the prowl If you hold the head steady, I'm a milk the cow (*yeah!*) And forget about game, I'm a spit the truth (*what?!*) I won't stop until I get them in they birthday suits (*yeah, yeah!*) So give me the rhythm and it'll be of with they clothes Then bend over to the FRONT - and touch your toes! I - left the Jag and I took the Rolls If they ain't cutting then I put them on foot patrol (*let's go!*) (ow!) How you like me now? When my pinky's valued over three hundred thou-sand! Let's drink, you the one to please (*yeah*) Ludacris fill cups like double D's (*yeah!*) Me and Ush once more and we leaves them dead We want a lady in the streets but a freak in the bed - that say..  [Hook: Usher] + (Lil' Jon in backround)  [Hook: Usher] + (Lil' Jon in backround)  [Outro: Ludacris] Take that and rewind it back Lil' Jon got the beat that make your booty go (smack) Take that, rewind it back Usher's got the voice that make your booty go (smack) Take that, rewind it back Ludacris got the flow that make your booty go (smack) Take that, rewind it back Lil' Jon got the beat that make your booty go (smack)  [Ice Cube] Hey... you wit' da ass (you wit' da ass), you wit' da ass (you wit' da ass) C'mere... wassup? What's your name girl? Who you come wit'? I'm wit' Snoop Dogg.. and my whole click  [Hook: Snoop Dogg] - repeat 2X A nigga need a shot of that.. and I know where they got it at Damn girl, you gotta lotta that Won't you let a real nigga go and holla back?  [Ice Cube] Look at you girl, light brown, ass round Feel like a nigga chasin down a rebound It's bouncin like a basketball, if you got no ass at all Sorry girl but you won't make the casting call Skinny bitches need to find that nutritionist Shit that make yo' ass so thick and delicious Is it the food or is it the water? That make your daughter wanna show what Momma taught her C'mere.. let me whisper in yo' ear (wassup) Tell ya all that bullshit that you wanna hear (let's fuck) You prolly hate my fuckin guts in a year But right about now, you like a nigga's style huh? How I talk, how I smell, how I smile How I think, how I fuck, how I grab Fuck wit' me, ya get ya meat and ya vegetables Fuck wit' him, ya get a fuckin metrosexual You want a man stronger than you Not a motherfucker in the mirror longer than you Break a nail and his punk ass lookin for glue You want a nigga wit' a hard dick lookin at you (lookin at you)  [Hook] - repeat 2X  [Snoop Dogg] You came up in there lookin all cute and stuff You and yo' homegirl, a pimp couldn't get enough You talk that shit like you weren't up in there just to fuck Well guess what? Now bitch you wit' us! Yeah have a sip {*sipping noise*}, go take a puff Go and spend another blunt, naw roll it up! What yo' name? A nigga love how you came You just in need of some game And I got that good thang, yeah it's a Westside hood thing Let ya party over day and hit ya wit' that ding-a-ling I got that good shit, lollipop (lollipop) And once I get up in ya, I make ya body rock (body rock) A thick little bad bitch, walk wit' a switch Now all you need now is some gangster dick It's the Big Bow Wizzow, you know I'm on the pusszow Doggystizyle, that make ya kitty kat meow (meow!) Dick deep, freak-a-leek, fuck some sleep And don't tell me that I'm... "innnn too deep" Okay (okay).. alright (alright).. Westside baby girl, we do it all night (fo' sho)  [Hook] - repeat 2X  [Ice Cube] Do ya thing girl, fuck what they lookin at Shake it for me mami, work that pussycat Do ya thing girl, fuck what they lookin at Shake it for me mami, work that pussycat Put it on me girl, what the fuck you scared of? We just in the club, actin like we making love I know you full of liquor, put it on my zipper Drop it down now and throw it on a nigga  [Hook] - repeat 2X  [E-40] When a motherfucker walk up in the club, I mean I mean And a nigga be 70 deep But if a nigga let his motherfuckin scrotum hang over his shoulder And come up and do a WALK-BY on your bitch-ass It's nay-thun Don't give a fuck about how much money you got nigga It's about how you outsmart the next nigga  [Hook: Lil Jon] Bitch, nigga, what the fuck's up! (Anybody can get it!) Ho, niggas, go pull your skirts up Don't think that you won't get touched, BITCH! I'm in your grill now, nigga what you gon' do? I'm in your grill now, bitch what you gon' do? I'm in your grill now, nigga what you gon' do? Don't think that you won't get touched, BITCH!  [Bone Crusher] Hoes, hoes, money, roll Mr. Whup-Ass done stepped in the do' (BONE CRUSHER!) Bring the pain, to your skull Y'all niggas don't want a fight, all y'all want is a hug Your bark is worse than your bite, with your mean mug Let's take it to the grass and we'll see what's up Y'all knows about me, Mr. Streetsweep Twinkie soft niggas get dealt with swift-ily I'm amazin; I always bring the heat Pull the cake up through the ground if he fuckin with me Me and E-Fonzarelli, new Starsky & Hutch Motherfucker don't act like you can't get touched Grindin niggas bows up and we turn 'em to dust As the crowd go ah-OOOOH-AHH cause you know you fucked up They don't wanna see me, nicknamed the realest Don't believe me, ask them Adamsvillers This A-T-L nigga!  [Hook]  [E-40] I sit at the bar and tear up hundred dollar bills My car, my Hummer got 26 inch rims I'm a star on my side of the earth, I bleed the block Promethazine, codeine, water and hubba rock Million dollar dreams and fiends and things of that nature Triple beams and things and T-Mobile paint ya Told myself - I need to stop pushin hop I need to stop pushin hop so I can buy a WingStop My young hyenas be bustin guns, mashin and pistol packin Smokin so much 'dro that our lungs feel like they collapsin Trick I see you and yo' partners laughin Jaw-jackin and scammin and plottin Old soft-ass, medicated, cotton-ass nigga You're out of line I told you once befo' it's dubya dot Bust a Head dot com, on mine, hit the flo'! And don't come back no mo' no mo' no mo' no mo' Motherfucker it's E-4-oh from the Valle-jo Still rappin like I'm po' - BEOTCH!  [Hook]  [David Banner] I'mma kill a motherfucker's ass if I have to But is it worth it is the question that I ask you To blast your punk-ass And is you bleedin, only to give Satan a damn good Reason to play with me, look bitch I'm sayin You don't listen 'less that tec-9 sprayin yo' ass Glass breakin in your home boy, thinkin you fast I never mash out, 'til the iron smack up yo' body Then you pass out, I pray to God for peace I done best to get my black ass out of these streets But y'all don't listen 'less I'm cussin and bustin the shit You keep beggin, and I'mma give it to ya you bitch! In your face, your back, your chest, neck and lungs You want war, you will get it for Mr. Crawfordson They call me really really doe, ain't no ho in my blood A couple slugs bitch you thugs'll give me a hug Real gangster niggas raise up Y'all sticky ooh-wee niggas blaze up Or get yo' ass sprayed up, bitch nigga!  [E-40] And there you have it! (And there you have it) Anybody can get it (anybody) Don't act like you can't get touched, peeyimp! Yeah, my dude Bone Crusher (that's right) Lil Jon and the Eastside Boyz (yeahhH!) David Banner And E-40 Belafonte pimpskillet Trust that, BOTCH! BEOTCH!!  My phone is tapped and so is my living room We can't hide the money here, we need a bigger room My phone is tapped and so is my living room We can't hide the money here, we need a bigger room  [Hook x2] My phone is tapped and so is my living room We can't hide the money here, we need a bigger room Fuck the feds, let 'em be mad I been the boss mothafucka, I'm suppose to brag, hey  [Verse 1: Lil Scrappy] When I was small I seen mama in the freezer With a ice cream jug worth more than the visa She used to hide the money in the ceiling Having stacks on deck now that's a mighty good feelin' Fuck the days, I'm gettin' paid by da hour Been in the wood to long for da shit to go sour When da fiends come, I'ma give 'em what they want The definition of customize, now put that in yo' trunk If I ain't got g's I'ma get it from the streets Leavin' A.V.E's offa zone three On da corner with the G's, that's how it's gon' be My whole family in hood, surrounders gotta eat Gotta dope connect that drive me into tha bread And my studio engineer dun cut tha tap from da Feds My pockets is fat and my daughters is too Just think of all the thousands of dollars we run through!  [Hook x2]  [Verse 2: Young Dro] I'm goin' Tinted Key, da Feds tried to injure me A bitch told Scrappy and he told me dat they into me Know I drank Remy, they know I ride 23's Know I let my screen fall when I be in DEC (Decatur!) Think cause I'm on B.E.T that I ain't neva seen a key (You a lie!) I was sellin' break downs back when dey made "Lean on Me" Now I got dat bling on me, 12 carat ring on me Yellow black charger, dats my waffle house machinery Feds come I see them clear, like da diamonds in my ear Hate cause I pop Christal open just like you pop a beer Straight drop vodka here, choppa here, choppa here Gator guts ain't in da inset but I bet dat ostrich is Show you how to prosper quick flip a brick, flip it quick Stick an' move we ain't got no time for dat silly shit Show you how to prosper quick flip a brick, flip it quick Stick an' move we ain't got no time for dat silly shit Dro!  [Hook x2]  [Verse 3: Bo Hagon] (You know Bo Hagon hadda holla at 'em!) I've been a made man I say da word and you'll get touched up Keep talkin' shit bitch, I'll have yo' whole click hushed up See me split a guard, that's prolly bubba cush crushed up I'ma pimp, I'ma gangsta but first and foremost I'ma hustler See Hagon all about his money, y'all don't get it do ya Tell me what ya need and I got people that can give it to ya I wasn't really hand to hand, I was more a trafficka Gitcha' cush from Cali or some diamonds from Africa You akin' new good but I been grindin' for a minute now You can get it wit me but I'ma get it any how Bo Scrap and Dro we out here tryin' to get dis money now These otha niggas out here akin' scary like dey in a haunted house Just keep playin' wit it but it ain't a game, ain't a thang Grab da thang and send da fellas brains like 'em dana dane Dro be watchin' "Lean on Me" and I'll be watchin' "Purple Rain" Scrap let's count dis hundred K go and pop some purple thangs!  [Hook x2]  [Intro - Lil Jon] [Bitch repeated in the background] Yeah one time It's your boy Lil Jon and them Eastside Boyz Who we be talkin to man? Who we be talkin to? Any nigga that act like a woman Any bitch that act like a motherfuckin [Bitch] Any pussy nigga that's a motherfuckin [Bitch] Send this shit out to y'all man Fuck y'all pussy ass niggas You ain't nothin but a motherfuckin [Bitch] Okay! This how we gon put this shit down for y'all Yeah  [Hook] We run this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] We run this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] We run this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] We run this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] You ain't fuckin wit me [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] You ain't fuckin wit me [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] You ain't fuckin wit me [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] You ain't fuckin wit me [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] Start a riot in this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] Start a riot in this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] Start a riot in this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] Start a riot in this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] Start a riot in this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] Start a riot in this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] Start a riot in this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch] Or get the fuck out this [Bitch, Bitch, Bitch]  [Verse One - Lil Jon] You be actin like a [Bitch] So we treat you like a [Bitch] You be actin like a [Bitch] So we treat you like a [Bitch] We beat you like a [Bitch] Kick your ass like a [Bitch] We take your fuckin shit And leave you stuck [like a Bitch] You wearin panties [like a Bitch] You pussy [like a Bitch] You sound [like a Bitch] You talkin [like a Bitch] You cry [like a Bitch] You whinin [like a Bitch] I hate you [fuckin Bitch] We'll [kill you Bitch]  [Verse Two - Big Sam] So back up off me in this [Bitch] Or get fucked up in this [Bitch] My niggas real in this [Bitch] Split your wig in this [Bitch] Crack your head in this [Bitch] Beat your ass in this [Bitch] So keep poppin at the mouth And get fucked up [like a Bitch] Smack you up [like a Bitch] Stomp you out [like a Bitch] Snap your neck [like a Bitch] Beat you down [like a Bitch] Take your money [like a Bitch] On your knees [like a Bitch] We don't like you [fuckin Bitch] We'll [kill you Bitch]  [Hook]  [Verse Three - Chyna Whyte] Ain't no hoes fuckin with this bitch I put years in this shit Shed tears for this shit Bitch I'm real with this shit (Don't push me) Cause ain't a fuckin thing bout me pussy Except this red shit that drip from me I get money in my hood Bitch ain't nothin funny (nothin funny) But a faggot nigga in nut-huggers and big hoops We tussle over who got juice You livin a lie (lie) Who speakin the truth Who gettin that loot You get on the mic with that bullshit bitch (bitch) Then it's all on you Hangin rap labels (rap labels) I ain't dealin with fables (fables) I only fucks with niggas who do business up under the table They mad shorty You hoes can't make it in the game Unless your titties and your ass out Now fuck wit me So I can show you who really bout it in this bitch Turnin from sweet to sour in this bitch Like zero to sixty m.p.h It's a thin line between love and hate And fuck the world cause I ain't here to stay [Yeah!] bitch  [Hook]  [Interlude - Lil Jon] Yeah! Hey check this out right [Whassup?] All y'all club managers [Uh-Huh] And club owners [Yeah!] It's about to get real ugly in your motherfuckin club right now [Fucked up in that bitch] I'ma tell you like this [Whassup?] Get your motherfuckin security ready [Fuck em] Cause I think some shit about to go down nigga [What's goin down nigga?] It's your boy Lil Jon [Uh-Huh] Eastside Boyz  Y'all check this shit out! Let me see you get crunk Let me see you get buck Let me see you tear the motherfuckin club on up Let me see you get crunk Let me see you get buck Let me see you tear the motherfuckin club on up Man fuck them motherfuckin pussy ass niggas Man fuck them motherfuckin pussy ass niggas Man fuck them motherfuckin pussy ass niggas Man fuck them motherfuckin pussy ass niggas  [Hook]  [Too $hort ad-libs over the Hook] Beytch! Still actin like a bitch Yeah that's right it's Short Short Short Dawg  [Verse Four - Too $hort] Told you once little bitch Said it twice little bitch Hang around us niggas all night You get your little ass whooped bitch For actin like a bitch Back slap you like a bitch While your snappin a flick (Bitch) It's Short Dawg I ain't went nowhere Still spittin real game for all the pimps and the players And you bitches Don't try to front fool If you don't leave soon Them niggas bout to jump you You just a Bitch (Bitch)  [Intro: Lil Jon] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Check this out It's your motherfuckin' boy Lil Jon BME Click representer right Now I, I, I just got to get some shit off my chest It's a lot fuck niggas been talking shit bout me But you know what? Pussy nigga I don't give a fuck I'm a real nigga And real nigga handle his motherfuckin' business Like my niggas bout to do right now  [Verse 1: Bezel] Whatever Bezel give ya gon' be fi-yi-yi Drop some acid in your drink, make you see tie-dye I don't care if my girl just a leg and a thigh She better split her thighs, let me hear her ay ya ya They say if you wait a little while, good things'll come Drink come, get yours, but you blink and it's gone Patient dude, I really can't wait that long Been layin' fools down way before that 8ball song I Like that Benz, go ahead and run that, man Boy you's a ho, I think you Juwanna Man It's not your boy from D12, it's ATL One of the sickest dudes out, they like ain't he well Adamville ain't changed, it's still the same They thought knockin' ??? would stop the cane Boss the plane, they livin' on fantasy island Double move if a quake, made Atlanta an island  [Verse 2: Don P] This ya boy Don P, AKA get away from me I don't play, I just ride Hide and go seek, nigga I don't hide Never had a watch so I never had the time Always had money, but I stayed on the grind Girls give me head so I got 'em in your minds World's most wanted, I done did a million crimes Gotta be established, that I'm twice platinum Gimme some space, nigga, back back some Ain't really smart, but ain't that dumb ????? nigga you can keep it crunk I don't drop hits, nigga, I drop bombs Forget bein' a star, nigga I'm a fuckin' sun Nigga lookin' at me talkin' 'bout it's all good Kings of crunk, nigga, comin' through your hood  [Verse 3: Black Boi] See I ain't come to play I came to spit bars inside cars To let you niggas know where I stay Two-eighty-five way, don't miss the byway, on my highway Eastside we on that Remy and that purple 'round my way Okay boy, now let me spit, it's Black Boi On this here, and boy, I'm real with this shit I rip drawers off, take your balls off Cause you knew before you came in my room, girl, you was so sawed off Was I wrote off? Oh Nooo I was strapped at it bitch Before you close the door, now that's fo sho We on that dro When you get up out my car, bitch, don't slam my door Motherfucker  [Verse 3: Dirty Mouth] ATL is my home And on my hip, keep that chrome For the ones who talkin' shit, they better leave me alone I ain't playin' no games, I'm just out for this fame Gettin' this money is how I see it, gettin' blow from the Jane Keep your distance, I'm 'bout to start movin' this chain This hollow tip gon' be rainin' on the top of ya brain Hot like lava, I'm loadin' up this chrome problem solver So watch your back cause here I come, droppin' bodies like bombers This Smith and Wessen, is gonna teach you haters a lesson All you niggas keep on stressin', how we smoke up the essence This herbal session, just keep a nigga full of confession So while I'm diggin' in your purse, I keep that heat for protection Now gimme your loot This motherfucker gon' make me pimp shoot This motherfucker think I'm plannin', think I'm roody like poo You think I'm gravy, I told you boys don't play me for lame This motherfucker didn't wanna listen, I took his ass out the game, bitch!  [Verse 4: LA] T-R-Y M-E pussy nigga Lil LA off in this bitch, ready to bust yo fuckin' shit, bitch Rich nigga, if you wanna talk that bullshit Go on hate, I ain't stunt ya, runnin' up I'll get ya split From the bottom to the top Top to bottom you will go Naw ho, I ain't the nigga, to be fuckin' with fo Sic 'em, get 'em, split 'em, hit 'em Tear that nigga ass up I kill for fun mayne, and I ain't jokin mayne What's up? Back up fuck nigga, who you takin to? Yeah, scary ass nigga, we comin' for you If you wanna talk shit, better be prepared To live and die in the motherfuckin' ATL  [Verse 5: Yo Gotti] Ain't nothin' like a good ass-whoopin' to set it off Come, how you want it bitch and get ya pussy ass off Them little niggas ain't gon' fight, so I'ma shoot first Big nigga wanna tussle, put them hands to work Decatur born, Decatur bred, Decatur dead in the end Ho click, more bitch than a ??? [?] and [?], wishin' yo bitch ass made it Crunker then a dog in the south west gate We got hoes shakin' ass, and they got it for sale Real head, bust it in and put in work for the mail What's that smell? Your dead ass in a hotel No evidence because there's never guns in the chair Cramp in my leg from sittin' in the closet waitin' on ya Lil Jon, the ESB, finna put them hands on ya Got claims on your life, the hitman I be You want the job done, just holla at me, yeah  [Verse 6: Bo Hagon] I can't feel the ground the beneath me One of these hoes is down to freak me Haters they would love shoot rounds to leak me Have my family sittin' 'round to weep me Life as a hustler, an everyday struggler, tryin' to double up And aim for your jugular, if you ever try to trouble us, better knuckle up The streets, they know what it is They know what the fake, they know what the real They go for the kill, do what you feel Hop in the 'Lac, flash ya grill Show your gold, throw your bows Stay on ya toes and don't trust these hoes Play ya part, and do ya thang Always put money before the fame  [Verse 7: Lil Bo] Y'all niggas don't wanna see me Runnin' 'round here hatin' on me Wanna know what I do wit my cheese Eighty-four Silverado Chevy Now I can buy that nine-eleven And I can get that Escalade Bout to hit the corner, pop the trunk and let that thang spray Reppin that GA, Decatur's where I stay Nothin but real niggas and bitches out here 'round my way Lil Bo, I be that nigga, quick to pull a trigger And put some lead in the head of a fuck nigga  [Verse 8: Big Sam] Woke up this mornin', nigga With a pump and my hand on the trigger Had a dream last night I was bein' hated on by a bunch of these fuck niggas These niggas done made me slip now, into my alias now Coup de grce SWAT officers and all these haters and these niggas right now Frankly I'm hot and pissed This shit is ludicrous Same niggas you grew up with nigga Be the same niggas get they wig split So keep flexin' and talkin', and get your ass whipped Motherfucker you must not know who you fuckin' with I'm DJ 64, that nigga XL Big Sam sayin' this shit to let you know what's real You bitch, bitch, ho, ho Ass, ass, nigga, nigga!!  [Outro] We ain't playin' Money slangin' Justifyin' Gangsta ridin' Mo' rich Pimp shit I'm just sangin' ATL ain't fuckin' playin'!  [Verse - Juvenile] Juvenile and Mario pimping and we on deck So stay tune to ya programs cause we on next I wanna see the women catching the wall Unless she got that disease, no ass at all For the hood, for the club, videos or whatever I got that oldschool, the Bentley or the Porsche Carerra Profiling with the top off Wilding, looking for a dime piece I can knock off  [Verse - Mario] Up in the spot sipping on a little something Feeling like this joint's is bout to pop off Looking around trying to spot a little something Trying to see what somebody talking bout And if it's good I'm a lend my ear To a little bit of game all up in my ear I think I found a window over here Homegirl is all up in my face like (boom) Oh yes indeed, all we needed is a hell of a beat like (boom) And we gon to jam cause I'm feeling like a Yeah! tonight  [Chorus - Mario] Hold up it's like (boom!) That's that beat we like Bet it make the party jump off (boom!) DJ spin that twice, we about to tear this club up! (boom!) Ladies you gotta move something (boom!) Cause the fellas wanna see ya shake something like (boom!) We got the party getting crunk! If you don't give a damn, gon throw it up!  [Verse - Mario] No more siting on the wall little shorty Starting to feel like a stone cold party Don't act like you can't sit wit me Everybody in the club getting tipsy Ain't this beat on fire, DJ spin it back one more time Fill my glass up one more time We gon start it up right on time like (boom) Yes indeed, all we needed is a hell of a beat like (boom) And we gon to jam cause I'm feeling like a Yeah! tonight  [Chorus - repeat 2x]  [Verse - Juvenile] She know about the grill and want to see my teeth And if we ever bump heads they want to be my freak She pulling on me cause she feel that heat She don't wanna go to sleep she wanna feel that meat That's a Lil Jon beat playa, run that back It's aight if you kinda tipsy and you fall off track I'm feeling great, I just had me a drink She twurking over there, I'm bout to see what she thinks  [Bridge - Mario] Say oh ohhh! Let's take it to the floor (B'More let's go) Say yeah! do it like you don't care (WOO! A-Town!) We gon do it all, from the windows to the wall Let's gooo!! Let me see ya get low (get low) get low (get low) Represent yo town (B'More! B'More!) Throw up your hood (A-Town! A-Town!) Represent yo town (Jersey! Jersey!) Throw up your hood (get down now) Represent yo town (LA let's go!) Throw up your hood (Chicago!) Represent yo town (Miami!) Throw up yo hood (New York!)  [Chorus - repeat 2x]  UH! 6x Yeeeah! East Side Boyz, what up duh Big Sam, and it's ya boy Lil Jon checkin' in One time uh Like Master P say, (what he say) "We gone send this one out to all them hoes" (All dem hoes) Shakin they azz in club (shake they azz, yeah out there) All the ladies got it going on UH! 6x  Hook:  Bounce dat azz ho 1x Bounce, bounce, bounce dat azz ho, [recite 7x]  [East Side Boyz] 1st stanza:  Get yo azz to the flo' and shake ya rump [recite 4x] Shake [recite 16x]  Bend over to the front, now spank dat azz [recite 4x] UH! [recite 16x]  Pull my leg up then go round and round [recite 4x] Do it! [recite 16x]  Hook:  Now, bounce dat azz ho 1x Bounce, bounce, bounce dat azz ho, [recite 7x]  [East Side Boyz} 2nd Stanza  Now if you know you got dat fine pussy Let me see you pack dat pussy, back dat pussy, pack dat pussy Back dat pussy, grab dat pussy  Pack dat pussy ho, Grab dat pussy ho Spank dat pussy ho, Spank dat pussy ho [recite 2x] UH! 16x  Shake it, pop it, wiggle it, bounce it [recite 3 1/2x]  To the left, riiight To the riiiight, left [recite 2x]  Now buttafly ho and let the pussy free [recite 8x] Now if you got to much booty in yo ass Then let me see you dance, come on...  Hook:  Bounce dat azz ho 1x Bounce, bounce, bounce dat azz ho, [recite 7x]  [East Side Boyz] 3rd stanza  Freak grab dem titties make a nigga hard [recite 4x] Now drop it down low if you feel the quad [recite 4x] UH! 4x 2 times nigga hit 'cha UH! 4x  Bitch shake dat azz fo' a wic, bounce it [recite 4x] Shake 16x  Are ya'll tired yet, (HELL NAW!) Are ya'll ready to quit, (HELL NAW!) Are ya'll tired yet, (HELL NAW!) Well let's sing dis shit! (Well let's sing dis shit) UH! 6x  Hook:  Bounce dat azz ho 1x Bounce, bounce, bounce dat azz ho, [recite 7x]  [East Side Boyz]  Bounce 8x Bounce dat shit, spank dat shit Bounce dat shit [to end]  Get the fuck out the way, cause here they come Them hoes shakin' that ass Get the fuck out the way, cause here they come Them hoes shakin' that ass  [Hook] Bounce that ass ho Bounce, bounce, bounce that ass ho Bounce, bounce, bounce that ass ho Bounce, bounce, bounce that ass ho Now that drop that shit Drop, drop, drop that shit Drop, drop, drop that shit Drop, drop, drop that shit Drop that shit  [Verse 1] Get yo ass to the floor and shake ya rump (Repeat 3x's) Shake, shake, shake, shake (Repeat 3x's) Bounce yo ass to the beat while you touch yo feet (Repeat 3x's) Pop that thang and roll with it (Repeat 3x's)  Hook  [Chyna Whyte] I'ma shake-shake it like I wanna Bounce-bounce it on the floor make you see I wanna Walk-walk it like a dog right there on the corner Make you say "Who that girl with that Thug Life tatted on her" See people want it ha that's how we do Screamin' "Ahh-yah-ya-yah" me and my crew Live in a zoo That why I got a strap too Twurk that ass if I want blow a bag boo And act a donkey, act a monkey Get a fifth of gin to see this chick get funky like a junkie Show what this raw darlin' 6 years of hustlin', see where it brought me This ghetto monkey, I'm livin' lawless Livin' life is the hardest Tryin' to live marvelous in a world full of garbage I'ma talk it If you don't want it, don't start it Cause I'ma put it down the way you want it Nigga  Hook  Get the fuck out the way, cause here they come Them hoes shakin' that ass Get the fuck out the way, cause here they come Them hoes shakin' that ass Get the fuck out the way, cause here they come Them hoes shakin' that ass Get the fuck out the way, cause here they come Them hoes shakin' that ass  [Lil' Jon] Pop that pussy ho (Repeat 3x's) Grab that pussy ho (Repeat 3x's) Butterfly ho and let that pussy breathe (Repeat 3x's) Pop, pop, pop that thang girl (Repeat 3x's) Shake, shake, shake that ass girl (Repeat 3x's)  Hook  B-B-Bounce that ass ho (Shake, shake, shakin' that ass) B-B-Bounce that ass ho (Shake, shake, shakin' that ass) B-B-Bounce that ass ho (Shake, shake, shakin' that ass) B-B-Bounce that ass B-B-Bounce that ass REPEAT B-B-Bounce that ass ho  Fred on da track nigga!  Bow his ass up!, bow his ass up!, bow his ass up! (vocal mixing)3X  Yeah,yeah,yeah Yeah,yeah,yeah YEAH!!!  Get off meh! (get off meh!)(repeat 8x) Bow that niggaaaa!! (repeat 8x)  Hook: Bow his ass up! (shawty!) (repeat 8x)  (Baby D) Eastside throw it up, Zone-3 whatz up If it ain't crunk then tell that nigga back up Mean mug in my face, throwin' bow's to the face We too D-double-E-P, deep! if you wanna buck,knuckle up Watch me bow his ass up, throw ya sets up Throw ya hands and ya hood up Get buck, get rowdy, throwin' bow's everybody Dump the hata's in the trunk, and the ho's cut sum' If you don'tgive a fuck, throw ya middle finger up Throw them bow's on them ho's Where they at?, there they go! In a Chevy wood, bitch burnin' up Fiend a every fuck ass ho Man I got's to throw a bow!  Hook: 8x  (Shawty Beezly) Throw them bow's on them playa hata's, get out the way Oomp Camp comin' through nigga, we don't play! Who it is bend it down nigga?, straight off da chain In the club gettin' rowdy nigga?, it ain't no thang! Cuz' fuck them other nigga's cause I'm down for my killa's Them nigga's that toute them nine-millimeters Who you thought it was trick?, it's Shawty B., The real, still Simpson road, still 20-50 hoooe! I'm up on a fat sack still drankin' hella-yella Brought ya game back, my brother never, ever turning back!  Back up (back up) (repeat 4x)  Ya too close to meh! (repeat 8x)  (Major "Dollar Bill" Banks) Throw them bows to the nose! Hit'em in the gold!, leave ya hand swole! Oh, playa, don't swerve in the Impala! Who it be?, the young playa Dollar! Watch them dawgs holla!, servin' major flour! Major Banks in the club, so don't stand so close Ya brag, and boast, I get in the club, the beat goes! Hata's wanna fight 'bout a stankin' coochie! The bow's ain't enough said crank the booty! Give yo' guns to me, I'll spill his brains Leave'em in da parking lot, boy you betta get out da wayyyy!  Hook: 4x  Ya too close to meh (repeat 8x) Bow his ass up (repeat 5x)  (Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz) Yeah, yeah, yeah, YEAH!!  Get off meh! (get off meh!) (repeat 8x) Back up bitch nigga! (fo' you catch a slug!) (repeat 4x)  Y'all pussy ass niggas get scruubed in the cluub! Eastside niggas don't give a fuuuck! Y'all pussy ass niggas get scruubed in the cluub! Westside niggas don't give a fuuuck! Y'all pussy ass niggas get scruubed in the cluub! Southside niggas don't give a fuuuck! Y'all pussy ass niggas get scruubed in the cluub! Whatz up!, whatz up!, whatz up!, whatz up!, WHAT!  My d.j. (D.J. Montay!) d.j. Montay (D.J. Montay!) my d.j. ..... Who you wit? (big boy) ya know it don't matter  My d.j. (D.J. Montay!) d.j. Montay (D.J. Montay!) my d.j. ..... Who you wit nigga?, you know it don't matter  Bow His ass up! (vocal mixing)  [Petey Pablo] I was so glad, when they said unto me Let us go into the house, of the gangsters  [Chorus: Petey Pablo] If you don't call this gangster, I don't know what a gangster is If you don't call this gangster, you don't know what gangster is Said it's one thing to be real, but real ain't all a gangster is If you don't call this gangster, you don't know what gangster is I know  [Petey Pablo] I was so glad...  I only smoke with the folks that came in when I came in I don't smoke with bitches cause I don't know where they mouth been Dawg I'm a celebrity, I got fans, I don't need friends I don't need security, cause they ain't checked me when I came in All that you impressed with, is what I already did The life you choose to emulate, that's the life I live Dream house, dream car, quarter past that That money that you makin, was my champagne tab Dawg, that's yo' girl? Be cool, relax I just need her tonight, call the phone, you can get her back You gon' ball then ball, you gon' mack then mack Your mouth sayin one thang, but your action don't say that You told me all aboutcha, and I ain't even asked Look at ya, nervous, jittery, can't stare me in the eyes can ya? Real recognize real, you can't deceive a gangster Short Dawg, Petey Pab', what was y'all thankin?  [Chorus]  [Too $hort] I know you wanna live the good life New car, new house, what it look like? You'll never see it, tryin to be somethin that you're not You runnin to the car cause you don't wanna get shot But at the bar you was hard Ain't even no straps in your car, you better call the law They got guns, you got a cell phone Do some gangster shit, and get the hell on ... You talked all that shit But a bunch of ass-whuppins, that's all y'all get Actin tough in the club You found out you was fuckin with some thugs; put them hands on ya So fast you ain't know what happened Outside seen 'em ridin in a fo' do' cabin Tryin to kill you, this shit is real fool You won't survive in the streets if you don't know the rules  [Chorus]  [Dolla Will] Uhh; Black Continental, suicide golds Gators hit the flo', I ain't payin at the do' While you fly outside, waitin for the guest list And to get frisked, it's niggas like me creepin with heat That'll burn ya crisp I'm at some work, you would open your mouth to kiss Why you at the bar, roused off Cris' No longer courageless, grabbin hoes by the wrist Chose one, mix wasn't hit, so you wet her clothes And said BITCH - put it on thick, like Lonzo in "Training Day" Not knowin she with a clique, that's aimin at your face Soon as they get word, hope your friends don't desert And valet got your Benz parked next to the curb You ain't a gangster, L7 Quick to bail out, like a nigga in jail stressin A lesson to be learnt, bout what a gangster is Not only do we roll deep, so do a gangsteress  [Chorus]  [Lil' Jon] Yeah yeah y'all never seen this one coming nope Miley Cyrus Lil' Jon yeah Aye yo Miley I don't know why they don't let you grow up baby you got to Let them know you not a kid anymore you can do what you want to do girl  (Rock Mafia)  [Miley Cyrus] For those who don't know me I can get a bit crazy Have to get my way, yep 24 hours a day Cause I'm hot like that  Every guy, everywhere Just gives me mad attention Like I'm under inspection I always gets a ten Cause I'm built like that  I go through guys like money Flying' out the hands (oh) They try to change me But they realize they can't (No way) And every tomorrow is a day I never plan If you're going to be my man understand  [Chorus] I can't be tamed I can't be tamed I can't be blamed I can't can't I can't can't be tamed I can't be changed I can't be tamed I can't be can't I can't be tamed  If there was a question about my intentions I'll tell you I'm not here to sell you Or tell you to go to hell (I'm not a brat like that) I'm like a puzzle But all of my pieces are jagged If you can understand this We can make some magic I'm wrong like that  I want to fly I want to drive I want to go (Lets go) I want to be a part of something I don't know And if you try to hold me back I might explode Baby, by now you should know  [Chorus]  Well I'm not a trick you play I'm wired a different way I'm not a mistake I'm not a fake It's set in my DNA Don't change me Don't change me Don't change me Don't change me (I can't be tamed)  [Lil' Jon] Dang it you Can't stop me you Can't hold me you Can't have me You'll me amaze I like to party I'm not a baby I get crazy you can't control me  [Miley Cyrus] I want to fly I want to drive I want to go I want to be a part of something I don't know And if you try to hold me back I might explode Baby, by now you should know  [Chorus] I can't be tamed I can't be tamed I can't be blamed I can't can't I can't can't be tamed I can't be changed I can't be tamed I can't be can't I can't be tamed (you should know) I can't be be be be (Never be tamed)  [Lil' Jon] You can't stop me  [Miley Cyrus] For those who don't know me know me For those who don't know me know me Just try to change me (Hey) I go go go crazy (Crazy) I go go go crazy crazy tamed I go go go crazy crazy (Oh) I can't be tamed For those who don't know me know me For those who don't know me know me For those who don't know me  I go crazy I go crazy For those who don't know me  [Chorus] I can't be tamed I can't be tamed I can't be blamed I can't can't I can't can't be tamed I can't be changed I can't be tamed (You hear me) I can't be can't I can't be tamed I can't be  (Lil Jon) Lil Jon, East Side Boyz, Ballin-G, shit we pimpin bitch  (Hook) Baby I just want you to know That I don't trust you but I need you And I can't let you go no And baby I just need you to promise me That you won't hurt me or desert me and the everything I need  (Chorus) (2x) But I can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin But I can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin  (MJG) Ain't no way I can control my P.I See why women hit the strip and wanna be my bitch (bitch) Break them heels off and make me rich Now which one of these old tramps you gonna pick I'm the M-J-G I be rollin in big classics Caddilacs, top drop back, ho its a habit Ain't no rabbits in my hat No drinks on my allie Let's stay spendin some money to fuck challie I'm a pimps baby Cut me I bet ya I please bitches Ain't no shame in my game I needs bitches to increase my dividends I'm livin in shit that looks like i'm makin the killin in I'm a plan maker I'm the man that can break a school girl down to be in the grand shaker In a strip club somewhere near you I makes it happen M-J-G slash breakin these bitches slash rapper  (Chorus) (2x) But I can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin But I can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin  (8 Ball) I'm a dawg bitch You ain't in love with me at all Got ya hand out tryin to get something from big ball Look I told you I hang with niggas that pimp hoes Shakin every trap and collectin from strip shows I'm a fat playa with a mouth full of gold I be smokin plenty dro But I don't put none up my nose Qualification for any selection I'm makin Fast talkin, street walkin, non-stop trip breakin They don't keep nothin dough They bring it straight to daddy You catch them stealin dawg You beat that ass badly If you not a pimp or broad on the strip You might not understand this pimpin fallin off my lips Just don't fake it playa cause it ain't hard to spot You think you ballin you square like a match box See I can't help baby I was born with it Real hustler have to beat the street and go and get it  (Hook 2) (2x) See I don't want to I do need to Cause I know I can't trust you I can't be you So I'm hopin that one day that you can be true Cause all of my plans involve you  (Chorus) (2x) But I can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin But I can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin  (Big Sam) Well I'm Big Sam, got bitches galore You may have alot of bitches But I got much more Short hair, long hair in them fitted suits Prada boots and hoes that think they cute But bitch come short with my cheese Ho you ain't seen in me You bets go get me my cheese or you can limp for me Cause I'm a breaker man and I'm a pimp you see And I ain't got time for you chickenhead, tricks you fleas Cause I P-I-M to the P Pimpin these hoes ain't a thang to me Been breakin these bitches since '79 Pimpin they ass for them nickles and dimes And don't give me no excuses When it come to my money Cause I'm Nino Brown and you G-Money And I'm a motherfucker nigga you will never try Fuck you hoes cause I'm a pimp 'till I die  (Chorus) (2x) But I can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin But I can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin  (Hook 3) Tell me why (tell me why) Why you won't stop (why you won't stop) Your pimpin baby Cause I need you baby (baby) See ya won't stop ya pimpin See ya just won't stop ya pimpin Ya won't stop ya pimpin See ya just won't stop....  (Lil Jon) Won't stop, can't stop this pimpin, know what I'm sayin Its ya boy Lil Jon Lil Jon them East Side Boyz, Ballin-G, my girl Oobie Doin this shit for Memphis to H-town to the ATL This pimpin ain't goin never stop, no matter what a motherfucker do Like my boy Big Ball say "spades ace pimpin fo' ever" Bi-itch!!  [talking] Yea , 2004, BraveHeart, uh huh  [Chorus] First a studio, then a video, then we do a show Count my cash flow Then I fuck a ho, roll up a smoke, jump in the range rove Brand new clothes, I got all the hoes, on tha east coast To tha west coast, yall know how we go First a studio, then a video, then we do a show Count my cash flow  [Verse 1] I say we got them big guns dat tear yo ass up How we do thangs, you'll get yo' ass gut Styrofoam in yo' casket, you lying in tha dust Yo' pistol packin years wasn't nuttin, see how we hit 'em To tha body, and the streets so strong Telling my bitches and my niggas hold on I know I'm getting high, I fuck a bitch she cry She hold me so tight never want me to be gone Now I'm wrong, this Gee Wiz ? Now you it's him it's me I'm flossin wit my other half Jungle yall see So when we step up we waste no time We flut up ya fans, and take 'em, they mine I throw a nigga, stomp a nigga BraveHeart style No set can come close to us, fool, they clowns The Battle of my ? it go round and round I turn a stupid ass smile upside down  [Chorus] First a studio, then a video, then we do a show Count my cash flow Then I fuck a ho, roll up a smoke, jump in the range rove Brand new clothes, I got all the hoes, on tha east coast To tha west coast, yall know how we go First a studio, then a video, then we do a show Count my cash flow  [Verse 2] Yo' you popin off wit them BraveHearts Gettin' money son it's all about dat paper Yea, them bitches want me on top of them They see them diamonds, they always sparklin I be ill legal wit dat desert eagle I hit you all up in yo head in front of yo people Nigga, I empty out on yo bitch ass You'll be dead so fast shit push back Cause life ain't shit but bitches end millions Good investments like acres and buildings Lil Shortys in tha hood raisin them children Baby dad locked up or somebody killed 'em Fa real yo, it's crazy yo', drama all day yo My niggas in prison wanna hear me on tha radio Cause where I'm from yo, life ain't a game yo Jungle's my name yo, blow wit a fo' fo'  [Chorus] First a studio, then a video, then we do a show Count my cash flow Then I fuck a ho, roll up a smoke, jump in the range rove Brand new clothes, I got all the hoes, on tha east coast To tha west coast, yall know how we go First a studio, then a video, then we do a show Count my cash flow  [Verse 3] Yo' the cash must be made Organized crime, cook up a kilo break it down To dimes, spread it out in packages ? and ? Fuck them handcuffs the cops can't touch us A fourty-five, they got accurate aim If you ain't in my game take a bullet to tha brain Shit, nobody cares, life ain't fair I feel like I was born in an electric chair Yo' wheres tha jungle, gon' be here for years Just a stopper through the game like the numba man In the hood, ? you got ? BraveHeart slam Step up on tha side my man you don't undastand I'm from tha QB side of things, things is things but You know my niggas,yo they let them things ring And we right, straight right through yall niggas Snatchin dat paper, & you know we snatch a couple bitches right  [Chorus] First a studio, then a video, then we do a show Count my cash flow Then I fuck a ho, roll up a smoke, jump in the range rove Brand new clothes, I got all the hoes, on tha east coast To tha west coast, yall know how we go First a studio, then a video, then we do a show Count my cash flow  [Lil Bo - Talking] Aww yeah ya know it was real hanging out wit y'all motherfuckers On this here album right But this motherfucker bout over and uh Time for me to get the hell on Been in the studio, the motherfucking sun coming up In this bitch, motherfucker, been in this motherfucking studio Working hard on this motherfucking album {*Background vocals from Lil' Jon & Big Sam come in*} What up B-leech, goddamn Sleet as usual in the motherfucking studio Kit, all the boys higher den a motherfucker We got Tim over there fucking up shit Ha, ha, but like I said time to get up out this album knowhaimsayin Hope y'all enjoyed this motherfucker It was a lot of hard work putting this bitch together Go look out for them, LG's, my girl Chyna Whyte And who knows what else to motherfucking expect From the motherfucking BME ya little Biatch  (Chorus) x2 [Chyna Whyte] It's one time for my soldiers on the front line Strapped with AKs, and car bombs With K-nine blood lines It's one time for my killers on the front line Strapped P-nines and semi-autos Actin like it's no tomorrow  [Chyna Whyte] To survive in this world makes me a soldier Cause I wear Reeboks, nigga why, cause they colder Every 3 years I battle my fans thug years Now I shed tears, nigga, I ain't happy here Like pot, so I blow herb thinking it'll stop the pain When I come down I'll still be left with the strain So I stay high so my eyes can stay dry And I don't give a fuck why Nigga I was born to die In the club head tight off of gin and kiwi Camouflage and dimes so the niggas can't see me Tellin em my name Le-Le or Lisa Breaking them walls the Visa 9-millimeter Sha-sha click, cock it, rock it Nothing but the Reeboks and poppin Nuttin but motherfucking nines and Bump, bump, you be running like Forrest Gump Knock you on yo ass like Humpty Dump Chyna Whyte leaves niggas in a slump, serial Deadly like disease venereal Game as be RD imperial Pumpin through your stereo, nigga what you know Ain't no log when that fo'-fo' Ejaculate up in your fo' door Bitch die slow, lyrical calico Purple tablets I flow None want war, Gambino Emptyin clips, I rips Motevl I flips Words comin off the lips like Teflon's hips IT'S ONE TIME!  [Lil' Jon Talking] YEAH! check this out (what's up?) You bout to witness, some real muthafuckin game (okay) All the way from the muthafuckin STL (okay) Wit ya boy Lil' Jon (YEAH!) that's me nigga (uh-huh) ATL, its goin' down, Kemo (YEAH!), my nigga Kaos (YEAH!) So spit that muthafuckin real shit for these bitch ass niggas (uh uh)  Hook [1- Kemo 2- Kaos] (x2) 1- Click clack, click clack goes the AK 2- You know mo get left in the urr, yes'ir yes'ir so uh 1- It's pistol play, every day, all daaaaay 2- There's too many niggas that I know from the block Get knocked and uh..  [Verse 1: Kemo] I'm a, grinda fuck off my dick I'm a, reach back slap the fuck out my bitch Dump rounds, watch shells jump the fuck out the clip 36 ounces on the scale, chop the fuck out a brick Damnit I'm sick, watch me while I handle my shit Eat bitch niggas for breakfast like ham and my grits Rollin them bole, cross me and I'm smokin yo ho Just because I live out here there ain't no control of the MO Holdin the fo', fo' cock it back then I blow The brains out the other side of yo 'fro Muthafucka because you jivin them mo' Bend over, you know that I'm the pride of the M.O Jump out the bushes like "surprise" on the mo We on yo block, with the cake and no need for no Glock It's a hatin I receivin yo spot I just wanna be yo cut so muthafuckin bad my dick ain't hard I spray AK Allay, 45 hundred tips off in yo jaw bitch  Hook (x2)  [Verse 2: Kaos] Niggas try me like new pussy but always end up gettin fucked Cuz I'm takin niggas heads off like Chris Pronger wit that puck See all the niggas that I roll wit give out punkin heads urry week Dumpin lead, thurl g's, run up in the club pumpin shit We out that Lou, I thought you knew me and my crew is unstoppable Like Warner to Faulk, Hakim, Proehl, Holt & Bruce You couldn't top us or stop us wit choppas or proper voppers Derty if you paid for it, even if you prayed for it It ain't gon' happen like yo squad beatin the Lakers in 4 It ain't gon' go mo, yo boys want mo' They roll wit bitch niggas, pussy whipped niggas, big lipped niggas Them talk shit niggas, can't get rich niggas, you know them Get pissed niggas that's always wit niggas, that make a bitch Trick niggas, them skeet lil' shady slick niggas, we lunatic niggas Keepin them brick niggas, switch hit niggas, sit and sip niggas Them nina click niggas  Hook (x2)  [Verse 3: Kemo] Now watch me, parlay to the muthafuckin Cut' and get my gat Investigate all you want, you ain't never know where my pistol at No suspect, no motives, no witnesses, no clue Nigga my alibis that I don't know what the fuck done happened to you's Wit my crew that night, drank a brew that night, shake a booty that night Act a fool tonight, celebrate put 17 shots off in you tonight Seems to be another kinda red comin from ya head in The same slum wit a government infrared deal Same stuff and a real deal, same song wit that la-bel And I gotta keep my shit cocked cuz the block be hot That's why I be screamin that same shit (what kind of shit nigga?) Insane shit, I remember when we used to get up on the roof and Nigga the next police ride down this muthafuckin nigga we shootin Hoes in a blue suit and hideout, regroup and Every pistol we shoot man, we gotta use 2 hands Nigga I'm comin, nigga I'm gunnin', nigga I'm bustin, nigga you runnin Jumpin, nigga you duckin'  Hook (x4)  [Lil Jon] We gon' start this thing off right (say what?) We got the Dirty South in the house tonight We gon' start this thing off right (say what?) We got the ATL in the house tonight  We gon' start this thing off right (say what?) We got some sexy ladies in the house tonight We gon' start this thing off right (say what?) We got TLC in the house tonight  Chorus: Baby, if I drop it down to the ground Then put it in your face, now what'chu gon' do? Shorty, if I shake it then turn around Then back it up on ya, what'chu gon' do? If you want some, come get some If you want some, come get some If you want some, come get some If you want some, shorty come & get some  [T-Boz] Headin' to the club You know I gotta get geared up Make sure my hair looks right Know I'm lookin' good Wanna put my butt jeans on Show 'em that my ass look tight When my crew lights up And we start doin' our strut Wait till the beat kicks up Don't think you really want none But if you want some get some  Chorus  [T-Boz] Girls from the South Know how to turn the spot out Feelin' soul what it's all about Shake it in a club Then take you out to the grub Down at the Waffle House In the A we get crunk We know how to show you love Can't nobody do it like us Don't think you really want none If you want some get some  Chorus  [Chilli] If y'all don't know in the South We keep the party jumpin' From dusk to dawn we keep it crunk We keep the masses bumpin' Y'all don't want none Y'all don't want none But if you think you can hang with the A don't front Come get some  [Sean Paul] What's happenin', shawty? Sean Paul from the East side Want a grabbin' thigh baby lots'a replies Love the way your jeans fit Cause your hips wide I know you're from the South I can tell from your back side I'm from the slum Let me show you how the 'Lac rides Money ain't a thang baby 'Specially if you act right A young stunna but I'm sure you got your own money The only time you see me runnin' baby if them po' comin' Shawty lookin' good do that dance I'm pretty sure you know I know what's in them pants I'm a G shawty give me a chance And if you're thinkin I'll just pop it and I'll leave in advance Oh no, shawty, I don't play I can tell from the slang you born and raised in the A So I'm pretty sure I know where you stay Baby won't you hit me on the hip and I'll be headed your way  [Lil Jon] Heyyyy... Now right about now (what's up?) We gon' break this thing down (well break it down then) If you know how to stomp (stomp) We need y'all to crank it on up (let's go) Like this (like this)  Do the A-Town stomp! Do the A-Town stomp! Do the A-Town stomp! Do the A-Town stomp!  Chorus (x3)  [Intro: Pimpin' Ken] Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, like I said this is your boy Pimpin' Ken dot net Sell the bitch pussy till it's drip drop wet You know what I'm saying, the vet, not the pet Dig this here man Like my nigga Cashball, you know what I'm saying, me and DeAnte say Man, it's "stacks, tracks and contracts," you know what I'm taking about Only time a bitch get off is when a bitch run off, you know what I'm talking about Hey man, you understand me Master constitution for the prostitution And let prostitution be the only solution Please believe it, you understand it, bitch, you know my choosing fee bitch It's a lifetime, bitch of ho crime, believe that ho you know what I'm talking about Yeah, bitch you know what I'm talking about Don coochie hole bitch, better known as pimp coochie hole Pimpin' Ken the Don in this shit ho You know what I'm talking about, yeah Milwaukee, Wisconsin you fuck-ass bitch  [Dirty Mouth] As I pull up to the club Jumping out of the Jag 24's still spinning with a dealership tag Brand New Bright leather guts and pearl blue These hoes they choosing like a lucky horseshoe But that's alright cause I don't pay these hoes no mind As I stroll to the front of the VIP line Straight in I go, headed straight to the bar I got a superstar status, so I guess I'm a star Haters checking me out Now tell me what's that about? I'ma chill to the point haters checking me out Sipping on the Crystal Bitches wanna get wild Popping X and smoking dro' on the verge of my style These bitches calling, asking where the after party The Embassy Suites downtown, room 112, my darling Bring your friends so we can let this party begin And bring a box of Magnum rubbers so we can fuck till the end  [Jazze Pha] Hey bitch, sign your name on the dotted line (well) Cause you belong to me (you belong to me, yeah) Hey bitch (hey bitch) sign your name on the dotted line (well) Cause now you're mine  [LA] Just pulled up at the club I'm flyer than a motherfucker Damn, why they staring? ho, shit I'm the motherfucker Not the front door We better go through the back See, that was back then, now look where we at Straight to VIP, my niggas, man we deep You gonna go through 2 or 3 Before you get to me The bitch, and she a G and said "what's up for later?" I said "I'm 20 East, I'm headed to Decatur" And motherfuck the hater It's about this making paper And while she choosing hard, guaranteed I'ma take her So shake the saltshaker, the dro' is the vapor I ain't got love for niggas cause all they try to do is cake her I ain't sippin on no chaser, that's what we tell the waiter You goddamn right, I'm a motherfucker player So tell me how you want it You riding? Get up on it I ain't fucking with the ho if she don't know how to donut, for real  [Jazze Pha + Lil Jon] Hey bitch (hey bitch), sign your name on the dotted line (well) Cause you belong to me (you belong to me, yeah) Hey bitch (hey bitch) sign your name on the dotted line (well) Cause now you're mine  [Lil Jon] Hey, hey bitch Hey bitch get up it's time to go to work Time to go to work bitch, it's your boy Lil Jon Never will I love a bitch Why would I trust a bitch? Always gonna dog a bitch They only good for sucking dick Or riding on a nigga cock Trying to get a nigga stock I'm never gonna break bread Not even for a little head I'm a player, not a cake-a-ho Always gotta break ho, down to the fucking floor You step up, I'll let you know It's MOB, BME P to the I to the M P No, I'm Southside Sorry, bitch, you better pay me  [Big Sam] Old school white Lac pimpin like I'm Don Juan When I pull up on the track, I toot-a-loo my horn Make these hoes come running like Mike for travs Ain't got my money ho, you bound to get slap Cause I don't love a bitch and won't save a bitch If it ain't about money, then it don't make sense I'll mack a bitch and I'll pimp a bitch As long as she making me filthy rich  [Don P] Just up off the pill, drinking on my beer Sitting on a mill, but I'm pimpin still Riding round the track, like Goldie in the Mack Still I'm Don Coreleone pimping hoes from my realm Mesmerized by the words coming out my mouth So I'm flushing money quickly out these bitches' bank accounts After that I bounce To another ho, in a totally different city For a whole other show They say, "why you don't call?" I say, "bitch, where my dividends?" "You always out of town" I say, "bitch, where my dividends?" "You probably in the club" I say, "bitch, where my dividends?" You bout to make me break your neck, I have to ask your ass again I'm Don a.k.a "stay pimpin hard" That mean hoes gonna march winter, summer, spring and fall Cause I have to ball, there's no other way Even if the bitch's pregnant, there's no Happy Mother's Day  [Jazze Pha + Lil Jon] Hey bitch (hey bitch) sign your name on the dotted line (sign right here) Cause you belong to me (you my bitch now) Hey bitch (hey bitch) sign your name on the dotted line (right here) Cause now you're mine (you mine, ho)  [Lil Jon] Get your ass up  [Jazze Pha (+ Lil Jon)] If you get out line, I'm a slap you out I'm a slap you out I'm a slap you out Better have my money (you better have my money, bitch) Cause you signed your name on the dotted line So get off your ass and get on the grind (Get up, get out there and make my motherfucking money, right now) Forgot what I am, bitch? What am I? I'm a pimp in every inch of the word Every inch of the verb Every inch of the curb I'm a hit it, like the lottery baby Better believe it (please believe it) Hey, yeah If it's pimping you wanting (what), pimping you needing (what) Everyday from me (from a real motherfucking pimp) But bitch that's all I can see Any day of the week, when you fucking with me  [Outro: Lil Jon] If you fucking with me, you better get your ass out there And make that motherfucking money Rain, sleet or snow Rob, steal and kill for a motherfucking pimp like me, ho  Too Short: Nigga what,nigga what,nigga what  East Side Boyz:  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Us niggas from the south be representing shit And trying to keep these player haters of our dick Never fucking with these loud ass clicks and crews And bucking down busters that be acting rude Cause these niggas and these hoes be with some other shit They like to talk behind your back but in your face they ride yo dick That's why I stay tight with my crew So what you gone do when we come for you  Chorus repeat 4X: [What, wuz up, wuz up, what](in background)  What the fuck you gone do nigga, what the What the fuck you gone do, what you gone do (repeat 4X)  (Hook): East Side Boyz  Represent yo' click motherfucker And if you don't then you must be a buster (repeat 2X) Now put your middle finger up motherfucker (repeat 2X) Now drop them bows on them motherfucking suckers (repeat 2X) Now get crunk motherfucker get crunk (repeat 2X) Now get drunk motherfucket get drunk (repeat 2X) Now tell them hoes to drop they clothes And cut something for the motherfucking d-lo  Chorus  Too $hort:  Short short, short, short Now I don't give a fuck about ya' benz or ya light-skinned bitch I don't give a fuck who you tell you don't like this shit The fact still stand you got one girlfriend And I feel like the whole world's pimp I can't be like you, always acting fake I can tell you how much a real mac can make A million dollars ain't shit to spend Get some new hoes and get it again So don't tell me what'cha wish for You wanna be kept, by a rich ho Bitch ass nigga, I'm trying to get me a lick She better pay me right now she wanna get some dick I told cha' got the game from the old niggas Everytime I park my car him come the gold diggers With the easy pussy sign on display If you looking for some money don't come this way  (Hook): Too Short  You couldn't be a better player than me Even if you fucked every day of the week I know you think you got it like that, but peep I be fucking hoes everyday of the week biiitch!!!  Chorus  Too $hort:  Now I don't give a fuck about cha' phone book and all ya' pictures Chilling at the club with all ya bitches Lying on ya' dick save the drama Got my eye on ya' bitch and ya baby mama, cause ya' snoozing You know the rules pimp ya' bitch is chosing, ya' bout' to lose them Yelling get cha' ass in the car bitch But I'm much to fast with this hard dick Short dog took ya' broad, it just can't be Ya' bitch sucked me and fucked me and than she think me I know the whole story, you ain't serving it right I'll probably stop by and put some work in tonight  (Hook): Too Short  You couldn't be a better player than me Even if you fucked everyday of the week I know you think you got it like that, but peep I be fucking hoes every day of the week I know you couldn't be a better player than me Even if you rode in luxury I know you smoke colting that top notch freak You never could be a better player than me, biiitch!!!  Chorus  (Hook:) East Side Boyz Now what's up fuck nigga what's up (repeat 2X) You gone buck fuck nigga then buck (repeat 2X) Ya' boys done left ya' now ya' stuck (repeat 2X) Ain't got no pistol on ya ass so you fucked (repeat 2X) You wanna run like a motherfucking bitch You shouldn't have been no motherfucking snitch (repeat 2X) My nigga trigger finger startin' to itch (repeat 2X) You shouldn't have been no motherfucking bitch (repeat 2X)  Too $hort:  Now I don't give a fuck if you fuck the richest bitch on earth You can be a jiggalo couldn't get more work Cause I'm a player from way back taught by the best No hater can fade me I was short like the rest of y'all half stepping little dicks wanna be big Willie's, you got a bad case of the sillies In the studio you make believers In real life you more like the cape crusaders Rushing to the scene to save them hoes Everytime they come across them crazy folks You cuff 'em hurry up and get em' to safety But sooner or later the bitch gotta face me Cause I put the game down from the start And you ain't nothing but a dumb ass mark Do yo' thing and watch me do mine Get the bitch on the phone and we'll see who lying, nigga  WHAT! (until fade)  [Intro] You know, its been a while since I felt like this The last time was high school But this feeling I think hes so cute I want to tell him so bad-but I cant C.R.U.S.H Yeah I got one really bad This is how he makes me feel  [Verse 1] He puts the beat in my heart Every time I see him, thoughts are getting deeper And I knew from the start yeah, from the Hi and Nice to meet ya I was blinded by hes features Girls said You're wrong But I said la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la, la, la She said Ci you're in love But I said na, a, a, a, a-na, a, a, a, a  [Hook] C is for your confidence-Boy I love the cool in you R is for rumors they make-I wish that they were true U, you put a smile on my face - you're unforgettable S is for your sexiness H I gotta have it I gotta crush on you-I love me some you A big crush on you-I love me some you A big crush  [Verse 2] He knows the right things to say hey I cant help but pay attention to everything he says He says he has fun with me Its been a while since he could do this, tell me what does it mean? My girls say "you're gone But I said la, la, la, la, la-la, la, la, la, la They say Ci your in love But I say na, a, a, a, a-na, a, a, a, a  [Hook]  [Verse 3] I cant control how I'm feeling inside-I'm off the meter Hes always on my mind-been a while since I felt this way-ay-ay I don't know what to say-ay-ay, when I see him I get the chills when I look in his eyes-hes so beautiful Hes everything and more-when I see him every day Hoping he feels the same, am, am-hes a keeper  [Hook]  [Intro - Pitbull] Uhh, this is Miami's finest Pitbull, this is Miami's finest This is Miami's finest, Pitbull This is Miami's finest, got lost in here Got true in here, got done in here Got Diaz brothers, my dog Cubo (Que Vuelta?) Eeeeoooooo, eeeeoooooooo, eeeeeooooooo  [Verse One - Pitbull] (Lil Jon) Uhh, this is Miami's finest, I'm soon to blow But like Jon told me "Chico it's all about timin'" Patience is a first, and I been patiently waitin' When I sign, it'll be anticipated Like the Lakers with Malone and Gary Payton Pitbull spits fire like I married Saitin Anybody wanna try it? then Tez go ahead dog Confess, get it off your chest Get put in a perminant sloop You're gettin' in the way of me and these checks This is the future, they don't throw blows no more These boys will shoot ya And they gats that'll smoke you bigger than Whitney Houston I'm not your regular rapper this is somethin' y'all not used to Yeah, I look like a cracker but I'll crack ya man it's crucial So y'all better think twice next time, that's if there is a next time I wish they would try to take mine I'll take em' out the game with a tech-nine It's that chico Pitbull And if y'all don't give a damn we don't give a fuck Throw em' up fool! (YEAAH!)  [Hook - Lil Jon] If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shiit!  [Verse Two - Sean Paul] (Lil Jon) They callin' me, to come back to the streets, Sean P. A.K.A a Sharp Crease Said it was necessary, these sucka' niggas out here very scary They come from the hole they livin' in the month of February Ok then, put a sissy nigga on display then Kick in ya door and have my folk dem' bring dem K's in I'm still Attic A-double-T-I-C It ain't a ho out there fo' real, who don't know 'bout me Bitch I'm fo sho wit it, don't make me pop that trunk to the 'Lac Bitch I will go get it, and I ain't selfish I will let you and your ho feel it Won't catch me sippin' on no Cris and got a cold billy It's Youngbloodz A-Town Malt Liquor sippin', comin' straight from the gutter Toe-tag a motherfucker, leave 'em under a cova' Lil Jon he drop the beat that make ya bounce like rubber Sean Paul he tote the heat to make ya mug then slug ya (YEAAH!)  [Hook - Lil Jon] If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shiit!  [Verse Three - J-Bo] (Lil Jon) I post up get to it, drink hand in hand They call me Mr. Herringbone cuz' that's my right hand man Old school straight foolish like no other indeed With Lil Jon it's Youngbloodz, they crunk as can be Attic Crew 105 that's if you lookin' to rumble Cock back bust aim now I done got yo' number In the club you gone feel it when it drop this summer Like rain we gone pour and hit you hard like thunder Cuz' in the Dirty we them boys that drank you under the table Where them niggas pimp hoes in fly suits and Gators In my Chevy so super I'm the one to call Just dial 1-800-430-slash-alchohol And dog I'm not the one that you really just wanna clown I'm cool in my way, but shit still I shut 'em down And piss on them haters J-Bo he cuts a fool In the cut 'bout slizzard somewhere that's how we do (YEAAH!)  [Hook - Lil Jon] If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) If you don't give a damn, we don't give a fuck (HEY) Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shit Don't start no shit it won't be no shiit! (HEY!)  [Lil' Jon] (JD) Hey, hey, hey Since we always ridin' for this city, aha We gotta switch it up this time, aha And ride for the ladies Let's do it, J-D (aha), talk to my ladies man  [JD] (Lil' Jon) I'm sayin' girl where you come from, girl where you been (what) Can I get some, shorty, do you have a friend, cause uh (hey) You and your body got a nigga in a trance (yeah) Movin' through this body in them tight, tight pants (oh) Me and my mans checkin' out your stance, sayin' damn Specially when you start doin' that Beyonce dance (sh-sh-shake it) I got a pocket full of money (what), it's all on me (yeah) Sippin' D-P, crunk screamin' A-T (T) L (L), loud as hell, as you do that right thurr (thurr) Got every nigga in here tryna get over there (come here girl) Cause you shakin' every single ounce (ah) every time the beat bounce (ah) Pop, put your thong out (ah), I'm just tryna see what that's about God damn, girl you know that I'm the man (yeah) I love to grab your hand and you know what's in the plan (what) Cause all this body touching got my blood rushing Got a nigga thinkin' bout crushing while I'm on the (yeah)  [Pastor Troy] (Lil' Jon) On the dance floor (yeah), doin' that, doin' that (what) Ah baby girl let your hair down (come on) Show a nigga what you workin' wit, twurkin' wit On the dance floor (yeah), doin' that, doin' that (what) Ah baby girl let your hair down (come on) Show a nigga what you workin' wit, twurkin' wit  [Slim] Let your hair down, show me how you work it and twurk it I'm certain, approachin', your back got me hurtin' Ain't a shorty in this club that can hold me Control me, you think so then show me, you know me I O-G the O-G with Moni, with songs in the roley The club with them Chloe's, a bottle of ? Pourin' and glowin' and J-D done told me We gon' get it goin', for showin' Then shop us, we ridin', don't stop us Girl time to pop up, you rockin' them knockers Sh-shake lookin' proper, you mean wit your partners The rocks on you ?, to get you I got ya Why you been at  [Pastor Troy] (Lil' Jon) On the dance floor (yeah), doin' that, doin' that (what) Ah baby girl let your hair down (come on) Show a nigga what you workin' wit, twurkin' wit On the dance floor (yeah), doin' that, doin' that (what) Ah baby girl let your hair down (come on) Show a nigga what you workin' wit, twurkin' wit  [Pastor Troy] (JD) Saturday night, yeah, the next day, haha, yeah Got me rockin' Louis Vuitton Chillin' with the don (that's me) I clean, that's tight, and V-12 the pride Pastor, y'all car couldn't hold these rims V-23, fat lane sheets, come on That's fine, damn, chardonnay, huh Lookin' good, smellin' good, real hair And you from the A I am, impressed, yeah, damn you fresh Ah, baby girl who's the number one pimp Show a nigga what you workin' with, yeah  [Pastor Troy] (Lil' Jon) On the dance floor (yeah), doin' that, doin' that (what) Ah baby girl let your hair down (come on) Show a nigga what you workin' wit, twurkin' wit On the dance floor (yeah), doin' that, doin' that (what) Ah baby girl let your hair down (come on) Show a nigga what you workin' wit, twurkin' wit  [Pastor Troy] (Lil' Jon) On the dance floor (yeah), doin' that, doin' that (what) Ah baby girl let your hair down (come on) Show a nigga what you workin' wit, twurkin' wit On the dance floor (yeah), doin' that, doin' that (what) Ah baby girl let your hair down (come on) Show a nigga what you workin' wit, twurkin' wit  [JD] This dance ain't for everybody, only the sexy people So all you sexy motherfuckers Get on out there and dance, dance I said  I am trying, to be alive The only thing that matters to me Is cake The cake on the rooftop Smells like cigar Only the one that you ate Is the car  I love cake Cake is me Cake is love Love is you and me plus cake Heal the cake Free the world Free yourselves Don't remorse  When i left I was sad She was dying On the porch I said yo momma Is so fat She smells Like a horse  I love cake Cake is me Cake is love Love is you and me plus cake Heal the cake Free the world Free yourselves Don't remorse  The cake is clean No guns allowed When you set me free I am afraid of sprouts So dont know my name When i eat you out Because the pussy's good Imma fuck her another time  [Intro: Lil' Jon, DJ KaySlay]  [Lil' Jon] Hey (hey!), what?! (what?!) It's the motherfucking Drama King, KaySlay (yeah!) Me, it's ya boy Lil' Jon, hey (hey!) Let's go (ha!), what?! (what?!) what?! Let's go (ha!), yeah, hey! (hey!) Let's go (ha!)  [DJ KaySlay] + (Lil' Jon) A yo it's DJ KaySlay the Drama (drama!) King Ain't nothin' but real (yeah) niggas up on this track (what?) right here A yo Brian, we gots to get up in the mix Like we back on the block in '86  [Hook: Lil' Jon] If my hood talkin' fake shit, what you gon' catch?! (Drama!! Drama!!) What?! What?! (Drama!! Drama!!) In my face thinkin' "oh he hard!" he'll catch (Drama!! Drama!!) Yeah! (Drama!! Drama!!) Tryin' to say somethin' freak bitch, what he gon' get?! (Drama!!, Drama!!) Hey! Hey! (Drama!! Drama!!) You better back up bitch before you get slapped quick! (Drama!! Drama!!) About that nigga named! (Drama!! Drama!!)  [Verse 1: Bun B] Niggas sayin' what they gon' do when they see that Bun B You tellin' everybody out there all that dumb shit but me Alright, you niggas want it, I got it FUCK IT, it's his space (space) Soon as I get the work from +Kay+, niggas is gettin' +Slay+ed (slayed) The 50 Caliber handgun, the Mack (Mack), the Glove (Glove) Catch a nigga off the street, show his bitch-ass some love (bitch-ass some love) Ho, you ain't gettin' no greater, you's a hater Give him 30 in his grill, feed his ass to the gators Fuck him now, fuck him later, niggas know cause niggas seen it (seen it) I'm gettin' my money now or get yo' bitch-ass between it (bitch-ass between it) Rawer than Sushi and still swimmin' in the sea I don't know how shit was but I know how shit is finna be (what?) Killin' off the enemy, short stoppin' ya cuts (yeeah) Cuttin' off ya supply cause now your connect workin' for us (okay) Grab the thang and I'm a bust, I ain't scared to do the time So if you wanna fuck wit us, best of have it on ya mind, nigga  [Hook: Lil' Jon]  [Verse 2: David Banner] KaySleezy, man it's easy, look, for me to go and bust On pussy-ass niggas who can't shut the fuck up The Drama-Slap-Ya-Momma King and Mr. Mississippi If it's problems come and get me man, I'll dump 150 Out the (A) K, blowin' my way, make his momma say, "oh my!" Niggas die, I roll around high All the dro clicked out bustin' the .44 If ya really buck girl, then you slap that ho Knock her out Bitch look, ya know what I'm about Born fair If ya real then put it in the air Big guns, big funds and real big wheels Go on hit him in his chest and watch his body windmill Aw FUCK, David Banner is comin' out the cut All I got in this world is my word and my nut - fuck nigga  [Lil' Jon talking] + (David Banner) Yo we gotta let these (yeah) niggas know what they gettin' When they fucking startin' wit that bullshit  [Hook: Lil' Jon]  [Verse 3: Baby D] Motherfucker want it, get done up Packin' heat out the summer BLAOW! BLAOW! in the crowd Now watch the crowd go ball And this here (yeeah) about the clip and (ho) they dug it (ho) And givin' blood up (come on) I'm too fast for 'em Mr. Potato (oh) Head (ooh), nigga then slid and mash on Clash on 'em (yeeah), harass 'em (yeeah) Flash 'em (yeeah) wit a full tank of gas Then put this (oh) in ya ass Wit acid (yeeah), without a reason (ho) ain't leakin' But (come on) how my tolerance is limited Got 'em smokin' like chimney, leave ya body dumpin' like Jimmeny You the enemy that envy me (ho) it's a sin to be (come on) Friends wit these niggas who ain't kin to me Family, countin' (ooh) the problems, when we jump off probably Hard and he soft (hey), I was taught (ho) Uh, (come on) when you done wit 'em (what?), they better not be able to walk Don't talk (yeeah) and let your answers speak for ya (for ya) The block ain't hot until it boil I love the block (yeeah) like hot pot did Donald Boyle (ooh) I make bread on the soil  [Hook: Lil' Jon]  [Hook: Ying Yang Twins] I said shit, damn, get off your ass and jam All the thugs in the club, let me see you get 'em up All the hoes get a lil' lil' low A lil' low now (x8)  [Verse 1: Baby D] Said oh shit, goddamn, get off your ass and jam I see ya shakin' Lil' Mama shorty bounce that ass Gimme a Remy bottle, but I don't need no glass Keep shakin' for a thug, bitch I got a dog who Rollin' on a X in the mothafuckin' club I like big booty hoes They like to dance on the pole They like to make the pussy pop, a please Now drop  My neck, my back Lick my dick, my balls and my crack I gotta stack the flow like Ludacris, bitch I got hoes I gotta bitch that suck dick in every area code She like it 69 days The bitch get paid See I could suck pussy in 69 ways You would think its a dream The way she use it to him Taught pussy or not She'll fuck the whole block Straight bouncin' Bitch ride a Chevy, I see a thug That T-blue flame on the gentleman club Well you will see her Her family call her Sweet Susie but Her stage name is Marguerita The dick eater  (Chorus)  [Verse 2: Ying Yang Twins] Pussy poppin' and twerkin' Never stop her from workin' Man then she flirtin' Sippin' that erkin jerkin All in the body Let you see her shake her ass But when she shake it, she make them other hoes get mad  Well if you bounce that ass Pussy poppin' and droppin' Now shake that ass cheek Bring your ass over here Let me get a sneak peek So don't be playin' with thugs She yankin' Baby D We'd love to see pussy, ah  The girliest hoes Bendin' over touchin' their toes Upside down, 69 ways to roll The freakiest broad Lookin' for the streakiest bone After hours, rob a house, then they takin' it off  Shake it like flubber Make that booty bounce like rubber You can make a little money Cause you thinkin' the mothafucka like whoa Let me see you slide down the pole, now get low And bend over and touch your toes  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Uncredited female] Alright, alright (x7) Do it nigga, lick it nigga (x2) Do it nigga, lick it, a lick it nigga do it Do it nigga, lick it nigga (x2) Do it nigga, lick it, a lick it nigga do it Eat my pussy nigga, y'all fuck niggas gotta (x2) Break bread nigga while I'm bouncin' that ass (x2) I said shit, goddamn, fuck niggas get with the program Cause niggas only good for lickin' the clit And you can eat out my ass for suckin' a dick  [Hook]  Once again up in that south from my motherfucking mouth And creeping up on y'all niggas like a motherfucking mouse Stepping on these tracks like fags and drag queens And shitting on you busters like I ate some bake beans  Buster me and me's clicks, always making those hits We never straight jam with no busters our no tricks Getting in trouble from the sounds of my trunk And keeping it crunk, keeping it crunk  Chorus: What, What (in background) Now drop dem boes' [repeat 16X]  Nigga boes' bout to turn out the show Crankin' up yo' dance flo' screaming GA ho Flipping rhymes and gripping pines with haters looking round It's time lay it down putting it all up on the line Ain't no love for haters, smoking doug's potatoes All these niggas what they made us from dem' boes and craters While lame done dipped out, we gained the flip flop Underground where we dwell, the hell with hip hop Southside just reckless, from GA to Texas And next it's gone be me flexing in a suburban or lexus But it seem like the bigger I be, mo' figures I see The mo' hating niggas try me Big baby trick crazy thinking he bout' to fade me Better sit and wait in consequences fo' you feel you can play me ]From a place called T-town deep down in the south Where dem' players throw dem' boes and gold teeth in they mouth And dump dump if ya' jump jump The club crunk off the funk that we bump bump and pump pump Through yo' speaker when it reach ya' now you tweaking like Beaker All the people out there hype as hell, I guess it Lil' Peter ]From T-town to Atlanta all the way to Savannah to Alabama I be damn a club ain't crunk in this manner I can't stand a weak buster For all the freaks, hustla's, to the clothes Y'all gotta get it crunk and drop dem boes, drop dem boes  Chorus  I can't afford bigger, how ya' figga' That you gone stop me from stacking six figures Now you hating on me, because my game so tight And could you be mad because I fucked ya' wife Well it's true, that's the price nigga check that ho I'm from the ATL player, wear that reckland ro' So stop talking all that shit, and trying to buck I'm popping off at the mouth, we get cha' fucked up, now what's up  Now ladies are you tired of trick bitches in yo' mix Acting like they want, to lick on yo' shit Critizing, everything that you do And telling ya' who, and who not to screw Nasty hoes, that ain't clean and shit They go around sucking on every dope boys dick Now is these hoes really yo' friend or yo' foes You tell me, while ya' drop dem' boes'  Chorus  Now if the club packed y'all from wall to wall And everybody trying to ball, coz sizing all Ain't nothing but love in the air, we geeing and macking Some haters off in there, but at least they ain't acting You got cha' cup filled up, ya' niggas is crunk Put cha' hands in the air represent where ya' from I'm from the GA baby, where freaks is shady Man it can be so crazy, so we burn trees daily When the beat a drop, everybody just lock ya' boes and shake dem' hoes And proceed to rock, from the front to the back With the blunts and gats, on the hunt for some cat or a fat ass sack Tear da' roof off the club, show you niggas some love And fill a swishe up with bud for my g's and thugs Now dem' haters keep watching, dem' freaks a jockin' The beats is rockin', so partner want you keep on dropping For my thugs  Chorus  Now right now I want all my hard niggas to follow me, follow me  Bridge: what (until fade) That's how these motherfuckers die, they with the shit talk (repeat 7X)  [Lil' Jon] Yeah, Lil' Jon, uh  [Female] (Lil' Jon) {JD} How you like it daddy (would ya do it from the front) {aha} How you like it daddy (would ya do it from the back) {aha} How you like it daddy (gonna break it down like that) {break it down like that, come on} How you like it daddy (would ya do it from the front) {aha, Petey Pablo} How you like it daddy (would ya take it from the back) {ha, and the boy JD} How you like it daddy (gonna break it down like that) {uh, ha, ha, ha}  [Lil' Jon] Freek-a-leek  [JD] One that's always thinking of new shit Any place, anytime she wanna do it Keep her pumping that get crunk fluid Never hesitate, shorty get right to it I know that it's her when my phone go ring In three in the morning it's time to cut Sometimes she like it soft but not as much as she like it When a nigga straight beat it up She don't care where I put it at, long as I put it back Deep down, deep down in that puddy cat If you ain't never had a freak a leak in your life I suggest you get you one cause ain't nothin' like a  [Petey Pablo] (Female) {Lil' Jon} {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Shamika, Kiesha, Tara {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Shawna, Sabrina, Crystal, Deronda {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Lisa, Felicia, Tenisha, Shivon {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Monica, Monique, Christina, Yolanda  [Twista] Girl I love how you clap that ass The way your booty cheeks move around when I tap that ass She twurk it so slow she gon' stack some cash Poppin' it quick askin' me Twista how you rap that fast Wanna spit like this cause it is I from the Chi Wanna get that booty up in the bed thighs open wide Every time she speak she tell me her throat go deep And how she a freak a leak so I kept my eyes on the prize Shorty work that, twurk that good Pump back, show me how you cut back good Suck that, love it how you take that good Show Lil' Jon and Petey Pab how you shake that stuff Never be trippin', she cuttin' like it ain't nothin' A nymphomaniac, always got got fussin', suckin' and fuckin' She told me next time better be sure I bring the seagrams And she gon' bring her girl and we can all have a threesome  [Petey Pablo] (Female) {Lil' Jon} {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Shamika, Kiesha, Tara {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Shawna, Sabrina, Crystal, Deronda {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Lisa, Felicia, Tenisha, Shivon {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Monica, Monique, Christina, Yolanda  [Petey Pablo] You ain't never had a freak like this That do all the tricks and could do what she do to a dick Take ? superb that'd make you sick Can't imagine who the fuck taugh her this shit Everybody wanna know who the hot chick is I was with in the video in the blue outfit I don't wanna tell a nigga how to find a bitch I might try and find a ho myself, how you love that there I keep 'em all to self, I don't like to share Unless they determine that they into that Being the man I am I'm a let them help their self And just hope that I live to tell it, I'm good for that Every now and then it's good to reflect And think back to all the hot twat that you done hit Or you done licked, any nigga say that he ain't did it He a lying ass son of a bitch, haha  [Petey Pablo] (Female) {Lil' Jon} {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Shamika, Kiesha, Tara {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Shawna, Sabrina, Crystal, Deronda {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Lisa, Felicia, Tenisha, Shivon {Freak a leak} (How you like it daddy) Monica, Monique, Christina, Yolanda  [Female] (Lil' Jon) How you like it daddy (would ya do it from the front) How you like it daddy (would ya do it from the back) How you like it daddy (gonna break it down like that) How you like it daddy (would ya do it from the front) How you like it daddy (would ya take it from the back) How you like it daddy (gonna break it down like that)  I thought I would make a Spotify playlist made of the songs G has created samples from in the past. Not all of the songs are on the playlist due to Availability on Spotify but all I could find are there  Playlist Link  Once again up in that south from my motherfucking mouth And creeping up on y'all niggas like a motherfucking mouse Stepping on these tracks like fags and drag queens And shitting on you busters like I ate some bake beans  Buster me and me's clicks, always making those hits We never straight jam with no busters our no tricks Getting in trouble from the sounds of my trunk And keeping it crunk, keeping it crunk  Chorus: What, What (in background) Now drop dem bozs' on 'em [repeat 16X]  Nigga bozs' bout to turn out the show Crankin' up yo' dance flo' screaming GA ho Flipping rhymes and gripping pines with haters looking round It's time lay it down putting it all up on the line Ain't no love for haters, smoking doug's potatoes All these niggas what they made us from dem' boz and craters While lame done dipped out, we gained the flip flop Underground where we dwell, the hell with hip hop Southside just reckless, from GA to Texas And next it's gone be me flexing in a suburban or lexus But it seem like the bigger I be, mo' figures I see The mo' hating niggas try me Big baby trick crazy thinking he bout' to fade me Better sit and wait in consequences fo' you feel you can play me ]From a place called T-town be down in the south Where dem' players throw dem' boz and gold teeth in they mouth And dump dump if ya' jump jump The club crunk off the funk that we bump bump and pump pump Through yo' speaker when it reach ya' now you tweaking like Beaker All the people out there hype as hell, I guess it Lil' Peter ]From T-town to Atlanta all the way to Savannah to Alabama I be damn a club ain't crunk in this manner I can't stand a weak buster For all the freaks, hustla's, to the clothes Y'all gotta get it crunk and drop dem boz, drop dem boz  Chorus  I can't afford bigger, how ya' figga' That you gone stop me from stacking six figures Now you hating on me, because my game so tight And could you be mad because I fucked ya' wife Well it's true, that's the price nigga check that ho I'm from the ATL player, wear that reckland ro' So stop talking all that shit, and trying to buck I'm popping off at the mouth, we get cha' fucked up, now what's up  Now ladies are you tired of trick bitches in yo' mix Acting like they want, to lick on yo' shit Critizing, everything that you do And telling ya' who, and who not to screw Nasty hoes, that ain't clean and shit They go around sucking on every dope boys dick Now is these hoes really yo' friend or yo' foes You tell me, while ya' drop dem' bozs'  Chorus  Now if the club packed y'all from wall to wall And everybody trying to ball, coz sizing all Ain't nothing but love in the air, we geeing and macking Some haters off in there, but at least they ain't macking You got cha' cup filled up, ya' niggas is crunk Put cha' hands in the air represent where ya' from I'm from the GA baby, where freaks is shady Man it can be so crazy, so we burn trees daily When the beat a drop, everybody just lock ya' boz and shake dem' hoes And proceed to rock, from the front to the back With the blunts and gats, on the hunt for some cat or a fat ass sack Tear da' roof off the club, show you niggas some love And fill a swishe up with bud for my g's and thugs Now dem' haters keep watching, dem' freaks a jockin' The beats is rockin', so partner want you keep on dropping For my thugs  Chorus  Now right now I want all my hard niggas to follow me, follow me  Bridge: what (until fade) That's how these motherfuckers die, they with the shit talk (repeat 7X)  [Intro: Elephant Man] Eastside Boyz (Yep! Atlanta Georgia) mayday!!! Good to go (The dirty south again!) Elephant Man, Likkle Jon, Busta Rhymes Alright, weh we fi do wid di dance!!!! (Give dem di dance now, buss di dance now) Shizzle, Jamaica, New York, Eastside Boyz (You know come on!) Aiyyo Likkle Jon, Busta! Oonu ready fi tek di dancefloor, alright This a now fi do then, do then Dance and tek it to dem, to dem Signal di plane now fi do then, do then Dance and tek it to dem, to dem Pon di river yuh fi do then, do then Dance and tek it to dem, to dem Di higher level yuh fi do then, do then Yuh dance and tek it to dem, to dem, come on!!!!  [Hook: Ying Yang Twins] + (Elephant Man) Three, six, nine, damn your fine Move it till you sock it to me one more time Get low, get low (Get Low) get low (Get low) get low (Get low) (Elephant Man: Come on!) To the window (EM: Give dem di dance now) to the wall (To the wall) (EM: Buss di dance now) Till the sweat drop down and fall (Fall!) All these bitches crawl (Crawl) Y'all skeet skeet motherfuckers (Motherfuckers) Y'all skeet skeet god damn (God Damn!!!) Y'all skeet skeet motherfuckers (Motherfuckers) Y'all skeet skeet god damn (God Damn!!!)  [Verse 1: Lil' Jon] Hey! Hey! Let me see you get, a get low (You Scared!) Turn your body yo the, to the flo' (You scared!) Let me see you get, a get low (You Scared!) Turn your body to the, to the flo' (You scared!) Shake that ass girl, shake it fast girl Shake that ass to the left to the right girl Shake that ass girl, shake it fast girl Shake that ass to the left to the right girl Let me see you just, back, back, back it up (Awww shit!!!) Back, back, back it up (Awww shit) Back, back, back it up (Awww shit) Back, back, back it up (Awww shit) Let me see you just stop (Oh!) wiggle with it (Yeah!) Stop (Oh!) wiggle with it (Yeah!) Stop (Oh!) wiggle with it (Yeah!) Stop (Oh!) wiggle with it (Yeah!)  [Verse 2: Elephant Man] Gal shake up yuh booty, when yuh shake it up yuh get mi rudey Wouldn't mind fi see yuh get nudey Miss cutie cutie, love di way yuh wine and how yuh movey Dem gal deh can wine trust me and dem waistline groovy Wine around like a blue movie Tek it to dem Keisha and Susie Hey! Do di pon di river do di pon di river hey! Do di higher level do di higher level hey! Signal di plane signal di plane hey! Alright give dem a run just give dem a run hey! Shake yuh booty yuh fi shake it slow Rotate like di tire dem a Texaco (Whoa) Everywhere yuh go man just step pon yuh Kso Just fi get yuh ting dem a promise yuh peso Dem a seh yuh hype and wonder how yuh stay so Make monkey face, gal go down slow Tic tac toe we got dem all in a row Get rich and get mad nuh bodda hold him Joe Big up Danger Voo dem a tornado Do di dance, alright, come on  Chorus: Ying Yang Twins (Elephant Man) Three, six, nine, damn your fine Move it till you sock it to me one more time Get low, get low (Get Low) get low (Get low) get low (Get low) (Elephant Man: Come on!) To the window (EM: Give dem di dance now) to the wall (To the wall) (EM: Buss di dance now) Till the sweat drop down my balls (My Balls!) All these bitches crawl (Crawl) Y'all skeet skeet motherfuckers (Motherfuckers) Y'all skeet skeet god damn (God Damn!!!) Y'all skeet skeet motherfuckers (Motherfuckers) Y'all skeet skeet god damn (God Damn!!!)  [Verse 3: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo! Check it!!! I'm comin through with a thick crew playa (Waddup!) You can't believe I'm on the shit too playa (Waddup!) I'm a sit and watch your girl put it on me (Waddup!) I love it when you got your ass clappin for me (Waddup!) Your big ass cover the back of my harley (Waddup!) Ass from the front to the back of the party (Waddup!) That's right (Yeah girl) that's it (Come on!) Get low shorty shake that shit (Come on!) If you ain't got learned get it down packed mami With all that ass you got sittin on your back mami Now all my shorties need to get in line I said because I'm only gonna tell you one more time Cause if that ass kind of stocky and fat Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up bounce (BACK!!!!) While I, get dough (Get dough!!!) smoke dro (Smoke dro!!!) Get low because I fuckin said so  Elephant Man: Come on!!!  [Hook: Ying Yang Twins] + (Elephant Man) Three, six, nine, damn your fine Move it till you sock it to me one more time Get low, get low (Get Low) get low (Get low) get low (Get low) (Elephant Man: Come on!) To the window (EM: Give dem di dance now) to the wall (To the wall) (EM: Buss di dance now) Till the sweat drop down my balls (My Balls!) All these bitches crawl (Crawl) Y'all skeet skeet motherfuckers (Motherfuckers) Y'all skeet skeet god damn (God Damn!!!) Y'all skeet skeet motherfuckers (Motherfuckers) Y'all skeet skeet god damn (God Damn!!!)  [Outro: Elephant Man] This a now fi do then, do then Dance and tek it to dem, to dem Signal di plane now fi do then, do then Dance and tek it to dem, to dem Pon di river yuh fi do then, do then Dance and tek it to dem, to dem Di higher level yuh fi do then, do then Yuh dance and tek it to dem, to dem Yeah, Elephant Man, Lil Jon, Busta Rhymes, Eastside Boyz Jamaica, New York, L.A. shizzle, do di dance now (Come on!) Do di dance now, give dem di dance now Miami Florida, shizzle, it's summer, come on!!! Summertime give dem di dance summertime buss di dance Give dem di dance now, give dem di dance Give dem di dance a dat di girls want Give dem di dance Likkle Jon give dem di dnace Give dem di dance Busta give dem di dance Buss di dance Likkle John buss di dance Elephant Man, tell, what more you want  [Verse One: T.I.] Call me Rubber Band Man, get as high as I can Tote a hundred grand in my case Anotha five in my pants In dat new LI sedan, bout da size of a van 155 on 85, I be flyin my man And ain't no catchin T.I.P. silly But you can try if ya can Get ya ass laid out, right beside ya man Sprayed out da clip, left ya wit ya face in da sand Sent da DA on a cruise, den do a day in da can Two in da hand I'm jukin, I'm too cool ta dance I got a bad bitch in Paris, I cut a fool in France Cool as a fan, betta ask some body who da man Shut da bout down, clown when I choose to man I'm da Bankhead ambassador, Atlanta my land Whether I'm rappin, actin, or trappin, haddlin grands I give a gotdamn, not nan niggas advance On da crown, to get anything less da laid down I stay down  [Chorus][2X]T.I. & [Lil Jon]  We ain't playin dat shit [GET YA WEIGHT UP] And we dont play dat shit [GET YA WEIGHT UP] Nigga fuck dat shit [GET YA WEIGHT UP] Well nigga buck den shit [GET YA WEIGHT UP]  [Verse 2: 8Ball] I see you lookin at me, wit yo lookin ass You wanna light it up, you betta pull it fast I'm not ya homeboy, I'm not ya kinfolk I got my own drink. I got my own dough I got my own slab, wit Michael Jordans on it If you don't kno da lingo, den 23's hommie You wanna ride on em, you gotta hustlin baby Some niggas dying fo em, out here actin crazy I saw dem niggas buckin, at da club spennin Buyin hoes drinks, gettin at all da bithes Dey got dey bling on, chains and rings on Dey will stunt until da dj play da wrong song Now dey on da flo, head split in two All dey ice gone, and all dey bitches too Dats why we roll deep, dat's why we hold heat Dat's why we own streets. Fuck up and you will see..  [Chorus]  [Verse 3: Lil' Jon] Pussy nigga, wut's up, gotdamn dat shit All dat yappin at da mouth 'll getcha fucked up quick I'ma ATL nigga, and BME's da clique Crunk Juice in my glass, always givin me lip I hit dese hoes like boes wit dis platinum dick My magnum always stay locked, cocked, ready ta hit I give a gotdamn nigga who we rollin wit Get ya weight up ho, den approach me bitch  [Verse 4: 8Ball] Get ya weight up nigga, get ya weight up bitch I went from hustlin on da corner, to hustlin legit From ridin 84's ta new school 4-doors From smokin on dat Reggie to smokin on dat Dro No mo 18's, niggas ride 24's On anything new, ta old school 4-doors You might be ridin nigga, but dat ain't shit If you ain't got no feet, be da candy bitch  [Chorus]  [Intro] (Skrewz Loose) Yeah! BIRD! Yeah, this... This right here? Is for all them snitches BITCH NIGGAS! Yeah! You know what it is! A-Game & Bird, Skrewz Loose mothafucka! ZOO CREW! Yo  [Verse 1] (A-Game) Now I ain't one to Go To Church, but keep it up and I'm a send you there To make the message clear, we'll make you see your death is near Popping pistols, blasting missiles you run scared like Chicken Little Get a little demented then wreck every instrumental Take an axe and split your mental, pulling teeth so check the dentals Disrespectful? I'm a murk you and I won't feel sentimental Bang your head like heavy metal, see I got a score to settle Far ahead of rappers in the game, who just toy and meddle (fuck 'em!) Try and stop us bitch, we'll never flop Call the cops, cause I'm on the block, drop it like it's hot, yah! Spit my game, talk my shit, grab my gat, then load my clip Bullets rip, then we dip, flee the scene, no evidence Knew a chick who would use and abuse me And all these fake friends running round trying to fool me So fuck these lames I make 'em all Go To Church After that we take 'em out and then they rolling in a hearse, word  [Hook] (Skrewz Loose) If you a scared mothafucka, Go To Church! (GO TO CHURCH!) If you know Skrewz Loose, you know we put in work! (PUT IN WORK!) If you talking shit, you riding in a hearse (IN A HEARSE!) After that, we fucking put 'em in the dirt (IN THE DIRT! (x2)  [Verse 2] (Bird) Law breaking citizen, sick of taking medicine V.I.P. so let us in, popping beans with Mexicans Elevate like elevators, stepping up like escalators Much love to all my haters, get you cut with sharp razors Black tint, black rims, you know what it is! Bird! Call me? And I'll be there with a couple friends Zoo Crew reppin, grab a weapon, get to steppin' if you sweatin' Overdose on life, learn a lesson, then put out a message I thank God that God gave me all these blessin's I haven't been to church, cause I'm in a smoking session Pray for forgiveness until I am forgiven Satan no longer likes me, cause I'm not sinnin' Winnin' like Charlie Sheen I get the women I got her taking off her clothes in the first sitting Just stop, or get shot like 50, Biggie, 2Pac You scared? Go To Church, read a verse, smoke a little pot  [Hook] (Skrewz Loose) If you a scared mothafucka, Go To Church! (GO TO CHURCH!) If you know Skrewz Loose, you know we put in work! (PUT IN WORK!) If you talking shit, you riding in a hearse (IN A HEARSE!) After that, we fucking put 'em in the dirt (IN THE DIRT! (x2)  [Bridge] (Bird) Yeah, you know what it is! Zoo Crew to the fullest, Skrewz Loose MothaFUCK y'all niggas Yeah, yeah Bird, A-Game, what it do? YEAH!  [Hook] (Skrewz Loose) If you a scared mothafucka, Go To Church! (GO TO CHURCH!) If you know Skrewz Loose, you know we put in work! (PUT IN WORK!) If you talking shit, you riding in a hearse (IN A HEARSE!) After that, we fucking put 'em in the dirt (IN THE DIRT! (x2)  [Outro] (A-Game) Yeah! SwooZOO NIGGA! Right now? You're either dead or in church Mothafucka! Zoo Crew SwooZoo, fuck with it Skrewz Loose, nigga  [Lil' Jon] There's something I wan't to tell you Cause I know that a brother got needs tonight I ain't trippin on yo pimpin cause that shits tight But you gotta pay tonight I know you wanna get laid tonight But I'm trynna get paid tonight We ain't even gotta fuss and fight Just give me mine It's on all night I know you wanna get in bed with me But you gotta come correctly Nothin in life is free Especially not me I hope you Can feel me When I say Pay before you play with me Wanna taste this But its priceless It might be sumthin you ain't never done before But I'm not yo ordinary ho (repeat lines wit stars once)  [Chorus] I said I'm off in the club (shawty) Not lookin fo love(shawty) But I'm lookin fo a gurl(shawty) One I can cut(shawty) Like lil' mommma in the blue(shawty) She so got-damn cute(shawty) But she say she need cheese(shawty) Before she get wit me(shawty) Well let me see(shawty) What it might be(shawty) And whats yo fee(shawty) For my fantasy(shawty) Now I ain't rich(shawty) But I spend a lil' bit(shawty) So who you wit(shawty) Lets do this shit(shawty)  [Lil' Jon] I know you wanna get laid tonight But I'm trynna get paid tonight We ain't even gotta fuss and fight Just give me mine It's on all night I know you wanna get in bed with me But you gotta come correctly Nothin in life is free especially not me Theres somehtin I wan't to tell you Cause I know that a brother got needs tonight I ain't trippin on yo pimpin cause that shits tight But you gotta pay tonight  [Chorus] Shit what you talkin bout (shawty) That didn't come out yo mouth (shawty) You say you wan't some cash (shawty) Before I hit that ass (shawty) I'm not yo boy (shawty) I ain't no toy (shawty) Don't play no games (shawty) Cause I ain't lame (shawty) But fo my gurl (shawty) I'll give her the world (shawty) Ain't no thang (shawty) To give up that change (shawty) Now I ain't rich (shawty) But I spend a Lil' bit (shawty) So who you wit (shawty) Lets do this shit (shawty)  [Lil' Jon] I know you wanna get laid tonight But I'm tryna get paid tonight We ain't even gotta fuss and fight Just give me mine It's on all night I know you wanna get in bed with me But you gotta come correctly Nothin in life is free Especially not me I will get with you If you wan't me too And i'll be by your side If the price is right Take care of me and i'll take care of you Nothin in life is free Especially not me I gotta get paid If you wan't me Come correctly Might be sumthin you ain't never done before I'm not yo ordinary ho  [Intro: Soulja Boy (Lil Jon)] Lil Jon! (BME Click) Soulja Boy Tell 'Em (Can we crank these niggas up, boy? Let's crank these niggas up, man! HAHAHAHAHA) SOD Money Gang Lame niggas get the fuck outta my way when I step in the club on this one right here nigga (FUCK NIGGA!)  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] Let me see you throw your motherfuckin' sets up (in the sky) Throw your motherfucking rags out (wave em' high) Pussy nigga keep on eying me (you wanna die) I got shawties, them in here too (they gonna ride) We too crunk to be tryna dance (I got that thang) And it's right here on my side (don't make me bang) You must not know where the fuck we from (pick a side) Eastside to the West nigga (and we don't hide)  [Verse 2: Soulja Boy] G walkin' through the club Haters gettin' mugs I gave your bitch a hug And she got wetter than a tub I'm hot nigga (I'm hot nigga) G walkin' on yo block nigga 80 stacks spent, tell my jeweler make my watch bigger Soulja Boy blowin' up like a fuckin' bomb All I need is ten minutes in a club with Lil Jon Got my goons in this bitch, so shawty don't test yo luck Chairs flyin' in the club, quack, quack, bitch you better duck  [Hook: Soulja Boy (Lil Jon)] Swag to the left, swag to the right Soulja Boy and Lil Jon gettin' crunk all night G walkin' with the realest with some pants on Now everybody in the club, turn your motherfuckin' swag on G walk do it (G walk nigga, gangsta walk nigga) G walk do it (G walk nigga, gangsta walk nigga)  [Verse 3: Soulja Boy] I'm not playin' boy, I'm not playin' ho Fuck swag, bitch I got mojo No homo, I got them thangs cocked 25 bands all wrapped in one not Soulja Boy shawty, left arm, right arm shawty 27 tattoos shawty Walk inside the party Polo on my body G walkin', all my goons get retarded (look)  [Verse 4: Lil Jon] I don't give a fuck Yeah, that's what's up Think you too tough? You get touched up I sent a ho on ya, you get sucked up She let them goons in, that's how you've fucked up But it don't even matter, fuck that chitter-chatter I'm in the club with it, I make them niggas splatter I shake them bottles up, we let that liquor splatter Cause I'm a crunk nigga, I ain't no fuckin' rapper  [Hook: Soulja Boy (Lil Jon)]  Lets rip this bitch up  [Verse 1: Kurt Rock] Lets Start from the basics 1, 2, 3 Got put in jail threw away the key & don't let you pee. In the backseat of a corvette 2 Beers & 1 pound of Weed. Don't know if you should do Em & drive or tell the cops. So he does nothing then gets it blamed on him & get 10 to Life. Now he can't even see his 3 kids & wife What a life, don't know if I should get advise from someone who is friends with drug dealers or in jail. It just seems like a gateway to HELL. Just locked in the cell. Just hope you don't drop the soap. You won't be well later because you'll be fucked literally  [Hook: Lil Jon & YelaWolf] Up in the club, don't give a fuck (x3) Up in the club, still don't give a fuck  [Big Sam] Aight, motherfuckers  [Lil' Jon] Bitch niggas run and hide! (Ha, Yeah) I'm doing this for my niggas! (NIGGA!)  [Big Sam] C'mon, C'mon C'mon, C'mon Lil' Jon, C'mon, C'mon  [Lil' Jon] M.O.P MOTHERFUCKERS! Lil' Jon, Eastside Boyz Bitch!  (Chorus) x2 [M.O.P (Lil' Jon)] (My Nigga!) You send em will bend em (My Nigga!) You Call em will sprawl em (My Nigga!) You cut em will bust em (My Nigga!) Take them niggas heads off!  [Billy Danze] All day nigga, Broadway Your man Bill Danze back on the highway 9-5 way, do or die way Since were all gangstaed up we gonna do it my way Homicide way, grown wit a metal fist (BK!) Home of the chrome deader list (Oh Yeah!) Willie Dynamite drop bombs Now who wanna conflict wit the conflict  [Lil' Jon] We don't give a fuck you actin like a bitch motherfucker! Get some nuts and be a man motherfucker! Pussy ass niggas get fucked motherfucker! And you's a chicken nigga gettin plucked motherfucker! Droppin dimes snitchin on your whole (was sup) Eastside Cause nigga you soft like macaroni! You don't wanna see a nigga pull the nine! Cause you did the crime, now it's payback time!  (Chorus)  [Lil' Fame] You's a check one, two turn my mic up nigga I'm a semi-automatic load the pipe up nigga B-Ville crime boss, I'll knock your top off Get ya moms, it be a hell of a story for John Walsh BIA BIATCH! Look nigga look into to this What a ridiculous, conspicuous, son of a bitchuous Lil Fame's a rude bastard; I left my manners at home You fucked up when you left your hammers at home  [Big Sam] We gonna kick in the door and get buck my nigga Slice your ass up like a piece of meat my nigga Ride ya 'round the town in the fuckin trunk my nigga 'Fore we dump your bitch ass in the creek my nigga Or we might duck tape your ass to the toilet nigga Then turn the iron on high and burn it nigga Die at da door and your ass probably highly fryin nigga And your tombstone will read, "Here lies a bitch nigga"  (Chorus)  [Billy Danze] Ride or die nigga, first fam Me and mind niggas, will still stand I come thru this BITCH, with two CLIPS Full of blue TIPS to show them who I am Stop doin sucka shit, watch who you fuckin wit Still put it down in the town on some other shit (Not that undercover shit), that's not me I bring grips and raise hell for M.O.P  [Lil Fame] What the fuck (fuck) y'all (y'all) niggas (huh) want with Famster (Famster!) Gangster (Gangster!) We can send your whole platoon Behind these men loom Fame & Bill Danze, Siamese twins Who probably wanna be like (boy) M.O.P (twins) and Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz Go ahead lie nigga, hope you try nigga But you gonna die nigga, fuckin wit live niggas MY NIGGA!  (Chorus)  [Lil' Jon] We bout to shut this motherfucker down real quick! I got my motherfucking Brownsville niggas wit me! New York in this bitch, ATL in this motherfucker! Dirty South let's ride on it!  [Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz] There they go my nigga let's get em! There they go my nigga let's get em! If you thought shit was over my nigga we never sleep! If you thought shit was over my nigga we never sleep! We gonna sneak a motherfucker like niggas on the creep! We gonna sneak a motherfucker like niggas on the creep! Like that goddammit y'all niggas get got! Like that goddammit y'all niggas get got! We gonna break a nigga down like keys on the block! We gonna break a nigga down like keys on the block!  (Chorus)  [Billy Danze] My God  [Intro: Too $hort (& Cutty)] Nasty bee-yatch (let's go niggas don't know what to deal a ho) You just a tramp ho  [Hook: Cutty Cartel] No I don't like calamari and no I don't eat caviar But you might catch me exquisit at the bar You're the finest that I seen thus far So, won't you come on in, shorty you can bring your friend Just let me finish off my double shot shot of Henn We can leave now the sport begins, on you  [Verse 1: Too $hort] It's time to fuck baby, jump in the truck baby Cause I been wantin' to tear yo fine ass up lately You like your dicks big, you like the way they taste Don't shoot it let me take it out and cum on your face I won't waste your time if you don't waste mine Let's keep it funky and live, just like the bassline My girl will lick your clit, the bitch is on this shit Close your eyes you'll swear you're fuckin' in a porno flick The way you want my dick, you got my thing hard You got skills, you should win an ABN award I got my playing card, it's the two of spades Deuce is wild, check it out, and you was laid Now we moanin' and groanin' screamin' and hollin' All them super top notches, yeah, you'll see who they followin' Big Dog will make you open your eyes wider Cause this dick is like the big thick pipe piper  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Too $hort] You're such a nasty girl, take them panties off The way you do it is impossible, I can't get soft You up your fuckin' like your pussy got a motor Missionary, on top, from the back, roll you over You just hupmin' and I keep pumpin' Then I ride around my body cause my beat's bumpin' Yeah I know you know, I'm a pimp ho And I heard all about you, little nymfo Pussy like Niagara Falls, they say you love it all So when I nut, suck my dick, bitch, and rub my balls Cause I'm nasty too you'd better ask it's true It's a one time shot, I'm just passin' through Don't be shy, don't be stingy, don't be holdin' back And don't get hooked on the dick, like you're smokin' crack Just keep doin' what you doin', don't change a thing And you'll see how much love this pimp game can bring  [Hook]  [Verse 3: Devin the Dude] Ain't no sense in frontin' let's go, move something You know I want some of that pussy girl, why you frontin'? You can rub on my nuts, while your friends ain't watchin' If you expect a check for some sex, it ain't happenin' I'm the vagina finder, the cunt collecting king I'm 'bout to get a platinum penis ring Your second guess is bitches, and yes or no You're down with shit, just move around let's go Damn..you still here, ain't nobody lookin' for ya? Do you have a home or an appartment or ya Kinda stay here with the crew, knowin' the shit that we do We just frant through, a couple of bitches just like you Where ya girlfriends? Where ya car at? What's the damn deal? Girl you got to leave here for real I hope you wasn't plannin' to get your stack on Get up bitch put your panties back on It's over  [Hook]  [Intro] 5-4... 5-4... 5-4... 5-4... 5-4... ([---- Repeated several times) YEEEEEEEEEEAAA!  [Chorus] (Repeat 2X) We gon' hustle, grind (grind!), stack (stack!), paperz (paperz!) Pimp hoez (pimp!), kick do's (kick!), duck-tape, caperz (duck! yea!) Smoke (smoke!), dro (dro!), drank (drank!), Hen (Hen!) For niggas holdin' it down from the block to the pen (YEA!)  [Verse 1] Dirty South, dirty mouth, yes, I'm guilty nigga Keep a pistol by my side for dem filthy niggas To these bitchez out there thinkin' they can tilt me nigga I'm a pimp by blood, you feel me nigga?  Y'all got a track funky like fuckin' wit no ??? for nuthin' Who these bitchez lovin'? Who these hoez wanna be huggin'? When they see us in the club, the 5-4 be thuggin' Dappin' and huggin', these niggas and bitchez who give a fuck and...  My nigga the block hot, Glock on me Tryina harm me nigga, we gon' bring a whole army Swarm like bee's, street bleed from squeeze armin' Supreme cream team, open shop whip stormin' Nigga, back da fuck off me!  Repeat Chorus 2X  [Verse 2] Fuck it, just lemme slide off into it Pull out the rugerz, introduce you and yo kin to it I hate the game, taught to neva be a friend to it Still watchin' cornerz, and dem pistols put'em into it I'm into it...  I gotta, hustle and fetish for dat dub-green lettuce Bustin' ova niggas hatin' me like Jerome Bettis Let it be known that I'm a lil' dirty red nigga Blowin' yo mind like hangin' wit thirty dred niggas  Bitch, I'm a 9th ward, die-hard, pull yo card nigga I'm from the N.O., downtown, 54 nigga Bustin' til it ain't' no mo nigga, you'za ho nigga Soon as you see me comin', you holdin' yo bitchez close nigga!  Repeat Chorus 2X  [Lil' Jon] (Repeat 2X) Fuck y'all bitchez, get fucced up bitch Fuck y'all bitchez, get fucced up bitch You don't want none, you don't want none You don't want none, you don't want none  YEEEEEEEEEAAA!!!  Repeat Chorus 2X  Repeat 2x's It's some hoes in this house It's some hoes in this house If you see them point them out If you see them point them out  Verse 1: I like them hoes with them golds in they mouth That be them hoes from the motherfuckin' south I like them hoes with them big ass butts That be them hoes that'll let a nigga cut I like them hoes with them tats on they thigh That be them hoes that love to get high I like them hoes with them piercings in they tongue That be them hoes that suck dick and swallow cum  Chorus: Repeat 8x's I like them hoes  Hook: Some call them hoochies Some call them breezays Some call them bitches But we call them hoes That's how it goes  Verse 2: I like them hoes with them colored ass wigs That be them hoes with two or more kids I like them hoes that'll help a nigga fight That be them hoes that'll fuck with a dyke I like them hoes with they own damn car That be them hoes down for menage a trois I like them hoes with them six inch heels That be them hoes that'll let a nigga drill  Chorus: Repeat 8x's  Verse 3: I like them hoes with them diamonds in they nails That be them hoes that ain't scared to go to jail I like them hoes with that weave in the front That be them hoes that can roll a fat blunt I like them hoes with them tight capri pants That be them hoes that put you in a three point stance I like them hoes that be tooting that dust That be them hoes that don't really give a fuck  Chorus: Repeat until fade  [Intro] I can't hear y'all turn it up Motherfucker didn't know I was gonna go crazy over here  [Hook: Lil Scrappy] I'm back, hotter than a nigga in hell I'm back, know you sick so I'm wishin' you well I'm back, grindin' hot and tuck in yo' tail I'm back, soon as I hit da crowd gon' yell  I'm back, hotter than a nigga in hell I'm back, know you sick so I'm wishin' you well I'm back, grindin' hot and tuck in yo' tail I'm back, soon as I hit da crowd gon' yell, well I'm back  [Verse 1: Lil Scrappy] Click clack, tha prince is back Even tho I been here I still owe y'all that A nigga been low key, but I'm off da rack Just off da corner sold weed, now I'm back to crack Had to get some new bullets and some even bigger guns Movin' in and out of traffic like I'm still on the run Got my vest on shawty and I'm strappin' a ton Ev'rythang all good cause I'm fuckin' with Jon That's where, a nigga straight fell to the airport Bought 2 first class seats to New York To see if I could go and ball in the same coat Me and my bitch both, two guns we tot A nigga was weak, now the goon is woke Ain't even no question about the nines I roll Got hit with a bottle and I still got flow BME and G-unit, that's all she wrote  [Hook]  [Verse 2: Lil Scrappy] On behalf of the first verse, ya know I'm coming Still deep in the club with my niggas thumpin' Every show I do, ya know I have um' screaming and jumpin' Ya niggas still hatin' but ya know they be poppin' Through the course of this album, ya your boy dun went through it Like getting pushed off the stage by the police station I dunno what the hell wrong with all these pigs Another police touch me and I'm gonna sue him again He might have been broke, I gotta raise these kids I don't think some of y'all know what you're playin' with Had a sick manager who took my benefit Fuckin' with violator now that picture look real big On some real shit, my nigga Vic gon' be rich Pray to God forgive him for the dirt that he did When I wasn't on TV you forgot about me I took it upon myself to remind you 'bout me  [Hook]  [Intro/Hook 2X: Al Kapone] Drank in my cup, blunt in my hand Hoes on my dick cause they know I'm da mayn! {*3X*}  [E-40] Drank in my cup, blunt in my hand Hoes on my dick cause they know I'm the man I'm in the V.I.P. cause I'm very im-por-tant (tant) Unfortunately I see some niggas I can't stand (I can't staind) So I stepped to them suckers and confronted 'em like I should We can settle this now or we can settle this in the hood Uhh, so what y'all wanna do? I got a hundred dudes We got a hundred tools, tryin to get on somethin new You married to the ave and still datin I'm loyal to my soil, I don't need no ultimatum Stop hatin, I ride with my crimeys in crime I grind with the gritty and grime, let's go! I'm buyin my yola, you gettin chronic I'm tryin to go out the park, you tryin to bunt it So you know if I drop it then it's a hit The game got it in my grip like a catcher's mitt  [Hook]  [Mike Jones] Mike Jones, geyeah! Geyeah, Ice Age Entertainment Sick Wid It baby, geyeah!  You know me I get that purple jelly in my cup, 84's rollin up Hoes know I'm the man, cause I'm always showin up My big bills so swoll that I can't even fold 'em up Big bills so swoll that I can't even fold 'em up Hold 'em up, who dat is representin the South With them diamonds in his mouth, know what I'm talkin 'bout Mike Jones, nigga in the streets I'm a king April 18th I'm droppin "The American Dream" I'm 'bout to shut down the game, my car shut down the lane E-40, Mike Jones and Ice Age Entertain' Gettin change, we grippin grain in the turnin lane With a cup full of mud, and a pocket full of change Mike Jones, I'm sittin sideways in my dropper Lookin out for coppers, checkin these boppers Mike Jones, 2-8-1, 3-3-oh 8-zero-zero-fo', holla at me, I got that  [Hook]  [E-40 - echo each phrase] Uhhhh - actin bad.. showin my ass.. Havin my cash.. rappin fast.. Duke of the ave.. slangin them sacks.. Like a {?}.. smokin grass.. Blazin the block.. sellin that hot.. Slickin the cops.. pushin that rock.. Totin them chops.. open up shop.. Punchin the clock.. pistols cocked.. Havin my change.. drivin a Range.. Switchin the lanes.. hyphy train.. Claim to fame.. makin a name.. Deep in the game.. what set you claim.. Doin it movin.. hoes be choosin.. Cause we winnin.. and y'all losin.. Big tycoon.. drinkin pukin.. Niggas feudin.. fightin shootin  [Hook]  [Lil Jon - Intro] (Lil Jon, Lil Jon yeaa Bone Crusher, Bone Crusher)  [Hook - Bone Crusher] Who the nigga jumpin' from lane to lane? Me nigga, It's me nigga Who in the, Cutlass with the Mary Jane? It's me nigga, It's me nigga Who the nigga jumpin' from lane to lane? Ha-ha It's me, It's me nigga Who in the Cutlass with the Mary Jane? It's me nigga, It's me nigga  [Verse One - Bone Crusher] Who knockin' niggas out of they pud shoulder They, luncin' on ham sandwich and, munchos Understand this fuck niggas, I come slow Motion, knock down the ocean This nigga here is extra large, nigga Cali-coes Tech-nine, that's the triggor We (What?) run (What?) these (What?) streets! (What?) Fuck (What?) Niggas (What?) Descease! (What?)  [Hook - Bone Crusher] Who the nigga jumpin' from lane to lane? Me nigga, It's me nigga Who in the, Cutlass with the Mary Jane? It's me nigga, (What?) It's me nigga (What?) Who the nigga jumpin' from lane to lane? Ha-ha It's me, It's me nigga Who in the Cutlass, with the Mary Jane? It's me nigga, It's me nigga  [Verse Two - Chyna White] Yeah nigga, I'ma ride ti'll I can't ride Drink ti'll I can't drink, flow ti'll I can't flow Blow ti'll I can't blow! Yo' niggas know when that White hit, I show no mercy And I ain't Jesus but I'll bless you with that Hershey It's some hot ones, we don't just got guns, we pop guns! They know they zippin' yo' body up when the cops come If the blood don't speak in the streets, the shots will And if this rap don't save me from the game, my death will!  [Hook - Bone Crusher] Who the nigga jumpin' from lane to lane? Me nigga, It's me nigga Who in the, Cutlass with the Mary Jane? It's me nigga, (What?) It's me nigga (What?) Who the nigga jumpin' from lane to lane? Ha-ha It's me, It's me nigga Who in the Cutlass, with the Mary Jane? It's me nigga, It's me nigga  [Verse Three - Bone Crusher] I ain't never scared! swirvin' drunk, off of that liquor Take that dro to the head, y'all can't, fuck with this nigga! Fuck up Chevys and Caprices with that bump in the trunk Bone Crusher run these streets so nigga wassup?! Lil Jon and Chyna White, man we don't give a fuck! Take that tummy to yo' belly nigga, BUMP BUMP BUMP! I'm the worldwide version of the shit called crunk So nigga Whats up PLEASE ??  [Hook - Bone Crusher] (Repeat 2x) Who the nigga jumpin' from lane to lane? Me nigga, It's me nigga Who in the, Cutlass with the Mary Jane? It's me nigga, (What?) It's me nigga (What?) Who the nigga jumpin' from lane to lane? Ha-ha It's me, It's me nigga Who in the Cutlass, with the Mary Jane? It's me nigga, It's me nigga  [Bone Crusher] Y'ALL NIGGAS DON'T NOOONNE! OF UUUUUUUSss.. Y'ALL NIGGAS DON'T NOOONNE! OF UUUUUUUSss..  [Too $hort] The lights are on, the club is closed You don't wanna leave cause you love the hoes Somethin' ain't right, you doin' bad tonight You'll be all alone if you don't have a wife Cause these ladies ain't feelin' you They don't wanna know what you can really do They just wanna make you disappear Get the fuck up out a bitches ear Take that shit back over there Go away, she don't wanna know you player What you gotta say, just like this Loud as you can, say "Fuck that bitch" Five minutes ago, you was thinkin' would she Roll out with you, and give you some pussy I don't think that's goin' down But you don't wanna go home now  [Hook] (It's time to go) Get up out my face You better get up out my face Get up out my face You need to get up out my face (It's time to go) Get up out my face You better get up out my face Get up out my face Get the fuck up out my face  [Too $hort] You came to my house with a maxi pad Bitch you goin' home in a taxi cab No more limos, run the meter We might need stitches, this one's a bleeder Grab yo' shit girl, it's time to go You look good, but you ain't my kind of ho Another time on another day We could hook up, make love and play It really can't happen no other way Girl do you hear what a brotha say? Don't leave anything in my room I got another freak, she'll be here soon She might not be, as wild you It's 4 AM and right now she'll do She's not a super freak, and she's not a ho But when she gets here, you gotta go  [Hook] (It's time to go) Get up out my face You better get up out my face Get up out my face You need to get up out my face (It's time to go) Get up out my face You better get up out my face Get up out my face Get the fuck up out my face  [Too $hort] We did what we did so let's do what we do We had fun, but now I'm through with you I gotta run, I'll call you in a few days I'll be back, to get some more cooch-ay Cause you do it, better than most At this rate, we'll probably never be close But that's okay, cause that's not the mission You could cheat on your man if you got permission I'll give it to ya, I'll beat it so well When we finished, we gotta leave the hotel That's all... I'm the #1 Player You can call, or I'll see you somewhere As long as we make this happen again Yo' fine ass sittin' back in the Benz Cause yours is the best, I must confess But right now, it's time to get dressed  [Hook] (It's time to go) Get up out my face You better get up out my face Get up out my face You need to get up out my face (It's time to go) Get up out my face You better get up out my face Get up out my face Get the fuck up out my face (It's time to go)  You need to get on up out my face... {You gotta go} (It's time to go) You need to get on up out my face... {It's time to go} (It's time to go)  [Intro: Lil Jon] Dance, dance (Dj Felli Fel!) Let's go! Ladies and gentlemen, if it's your birthday tonight You need to get your fucking drinks up And get ready to motherfucking hard  [Hook: Jessie Malakouti] It's your birthday bitch, let me see you dance It's your birthday bitch, let me see you dance It's your birthday bitch, let me see you dance It's your birthday bitch, let me see you dance  [Bridge: Dj Felli Fel] Party people put your hands in the air right now Party people put your hands in the air right now Party people put your hands in the air right now Party people put your hands in the air, air  [Hook: Jessie Malakouti]  [Verse 1: Lil Jon] It's your birthday, it's your birthday It's your birthday bitch, it's your birthday It's your birthday, it's your birthday It's your birthday bitch, it's your birthday Now right now we need to see Who the fuck is in the club tonight!  Leo's up in this bitch, Virgo's up in this bitch Scorpio's in this bitch, Taurus' up in this bitch Got them Cancer's up in this bitch Sagittarius' up in this bitch, Capricorn's up in this bitch Pisces' up in this bitch Got this Libra's up in this bitch Gemini in this bitch, Aquarius' up in this bitch Got them Aries' up in this bitch  [Bridge: Dj Felli Fel]  [Hook: Jessie Malakouti]  [Bridge: Dj Felli Fel]  Intro: Elephant Man (Lil' Jon) Elephant (Hey!) Lil' Jon (Hey!) Bone Crusher wid anotha hit song New York girls (Hey!) carribean (Hey!) Brukout and wine to di song oonu wine now (This is for all the sexy ladies out there, we need to see ya) Wine up oonu waistline, rotate it like a tire (Let's go let's go!!!) Sing (Hey! Let's go)  Chorus: Elephant Man (Lil' Jon) Shake that booty, turn it around (Hey! Hey! Hey!) Back that ass up, wine go down (Ok!!!) Shake that booty (Hey! Hey! Hey!) turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  [Verse 1: Elephant Man] Yuh up inna di club and di music sweet Yuh fi jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di wall, look inna di mirror And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di ground bumpa inna di air And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Junk in di trunk, wine up yuh rump And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Shake that ass (Wine wine) y'all lookin fine (Wine wine) One ting deh pon yuh mind (Wine wine) bend over and wine (Wine wine) Di Jamaican girls (Wine wine) di New York girls (Wine wine) Mi see di down south girls dem a (Wine wine) (Lil' Jon: Hey!) Dem a wine wine dem a wine wine  [Verse 2: Lil' Jon] Let me see you wine let me see you wine let me see you wine Hey! And shake that shit!!! Let me see you pop let me see you pop let me see you pop Hey! And shake that shit!!! Let me see you wine let me see you wine let me see you wine Hey! And shake that shit!!! Let me see you pop let me see you pop let me see you pop Hey! And shake that shit!!!  [Chorus: Elephant Man] Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  [Verse 3: Bone Crusher] Wine up your body no pushin and shovin (What!) Crowd keep movin cause the music is pumpin (Huh!) Girl keep it groovin now I see ya dumpin JUMP!!! JUMP!!! JUMP!!! JUMP!!! Hey look here girl won't you tell me somethin (French!?) Now that this chimney's tumblin House to earthquake just keep on comin (Huh!) I love them ladies with the extra dunkin Now back that ass up and give me somethin (What!) 2 Live me baby just move somethin (What!) Wine girl you just so fine girl (Yeah!) Let me see ya grind it up girl (Yeah!) Elephant and Crusher 'gon rock the world It's party time come here girl!!!  [Bridge: Elephant Man] Yuh up inna di club and di music sweet Yuh fi jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di wall, look inna di mirror And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di ground bumpa inna di air And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Junk in di trunk, wine up yuh rump And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal)  [Verse 4: Kiprich] (Put yuh hands on di floor!!!) Cock up yuh bumpa a likkle more Cock it up mek mi slam it like a door (Put yuh hands on di floor!!!) Yuh hear mi love it when mi talk to her Split and spread out like manure (Put yuh hands on di floor!!!) Every man love see girl gallore Shabba seh him waan more pon more (Put yuh hands on di floor!!!) True yuh goody goody get a encore Every girl fi brukout like sore (Elephant Man: Mad! Sick! Head nuh good!!!)  [Chorus: Elephant Man] Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  [Verse 5: Elephant Man] Love see girls a wine love see girls a shake dem behind Search di dancefloor till mi find weh mi flip di coin Kiprich and di gal dem a wine Hold up let's go back in time memba Jeanie wine Memba Jeanie when yuh see mi gimme grind Now a dancehall queenie queenie time Jump between di lines stoosh girls stop stoosh dem a wine Every girl waan dem career shine (Junk in di trunk) If yuh nah wine could a get a conflict Wid it like a Shaolin Monk (Mi seh junk in di trunk) Come on girl mek mi see booty bounce Pon di floor, di dressa or di bank (All girls!!!)  [Chorus: Elephant Man] Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  [Bridge: Elephant Man] Yuh up inna di club and di music sweet Yuh fi jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand upon di wall, look inna di mirror And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di ground bumpa inna di air And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Junk in di trunk, wine up yuh rump And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal)  [Chorus: Elephant Man] Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  [Bridge: Elephant Man] Yuh up inna di club and di music sweet Yuh fi jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di wall, look inna di mirror And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di ground bumpa inna di air And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Junk in di trunk, wine up yuh rump And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal)  [Outro: Elephant Man] Shake that ass (Wine wine) y'all lookin fine (Wine wine) One ting deh pon yuh mind (Wine wine) bend over and wine (Wine wine) Di Jamaican girls (Wine wine) di New York girls (Wine wine) Mi see di down south girls dem a (Wine wine) Dem a wine wine dem a wine wine, alright...  Chorus 2:  You little punk motherfucker do yo thang You bitch ass niggas won't do a thang So shut the fuck up and peep some game from me  Chorus:  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH(bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH(bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH(bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH(bi-itch)  Hook:  YEAH!,YEAH!, YEAH!, YEAH! Well get yo hands up, get yo hands up Got damn it motherfucker get yo hands up [repeat 2x] Well throw yo click up, throw yo click up Got damn it motherfucker throw yo click up [repeat 2x] Well what you looking at, nigga what you looking at Nigga what you looking at, nigga what you looking at [repeat 2x] Now what you wanna do, what you wanna do Got damn it fuck nigga what yo wanna do [repeat 1x] Now what you wanna do (you scared) [repeat 2x] Well nigga FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU!  Chorus:  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Verse 1: Too $hort  Pour me some Bombay and fire up that pine Its bout time somebody checked you you bitch ass punk I heard you slap ya woman cause she told ya the truth Real niggas bring out the ho in you Us pimp niggas get it down ho The chin checker all you do is play the role nigga You just a actor, won't let a bitch breathe If she wanted to yawn She just a weak motherfucker so insecure How come she can't leave home without getting cursed out? Everytime you get mad you tell her get the fuck out Put I told that her, I said its cool Get at me Come by the house and get nasty I spit the real game I rode her in my caddy when she yelled my name I told her call me daddy Trick nigga if ya tell me you a player youse a liar Cause you never be like Willie Dynamite Supafly...  Chorus:  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk motherfucking BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Verse 2: Chyna  Pump, pump, pump, pump Let no shots Double Glock Glock Nigga pop pop it don't stop in that dirty south Burn up the whole block that's what this here be bout Niggas living lowless, niggas labeled heartless Gone see who life the shortest Regardless this whole world to me is garabage Trying to reap my harvest I'm starving, let's live the life of ballin And still trying to find my calling, and make a change Look into my eyes, all you see is pain Look up in the sky all I see is rain Ain't no sunshine, call me a monkey But look I got K-9 bloodlines With P-9's and semiautos And guaranteed tomorrow 9th ward my burrow I represent the scum's Ate the crumbs Now I'm reaching for a new height Nothing but love and we crew tight Craving renew sight Hussle for food tight Who the dopest on the planet BI-ITCH Chyna White  Chorus:  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Chorus 2:  You little punk motherfucker do ya thang You bitch ass niggas won't do a thang So shut the fuck up and peep some game from me Now you know to shut yo talk it is a shame Cause you and yo group won't do a thang The SHIT that you talking sounds the same to me  BI-ITCH!! (echoes)  [E-40] What's goin on momma? I don't know why you trippin [Bosko] I don't know why you act this way, this way [E-40] You already knew what it was from the beginnin [E-40] You know how we've been gettin down [Bosko] I know you want this too [E-40] We just friends right? [Bosko] We should never stop what we do [E-40] We got a good thing goin baby  [Hook: Bosko] We're not in love but we pretennnnd We both know we're just fu-ckin (we're fuckin) The situation's a win-win (it's a win-win) We both know we're just fu-ckin (we're fuckin)  [E-40] Oooh; thick like a big bowl of grits, big tits good looks I knew you had some good gush gush Cause you look like you did and I can tell it was bomb (what type) The type of broad to squirt when she bust a nut and she cum You said you know I got a man but he ain't treatin me fair He always gone plus he never take me nowhere I said what'chu tryin to tell me, he act like you don't exist? Yup and when he come home he smell like liquor and fish Fool don't know what he missin, he tardy and lame But that's his loss, and it's my game You got a mean throat game and your coochie is serious Pussy so good I fuck you on your peroid Naw we ain't in love but we can damn sho' pretend to be Get a sack of that broccoli and a bottle of Hennessy Check into a room at the Fairfield Inn (and then what) Fire up some purple, let the beatings begin (oooh)  [Hook w/ different ad libs]  [E-40] Your girlfriends is jealous and sexually frustrated So of course they hated after you told 'em how I ate it And you know what they say about fellas with big feet So why you wanna put my business out in the street? They already give me extra long hugs and shit (what else) They want your position, they tryin to scoot you up out of it Take your foot of the gas, I thought we had an arrangement You missin the point, it ain't gon' be no engagement You need to play your position, or you out of the game You testin my mackin, you out of yo' range We just fuck-buddies, I'm just stickin and bonin ya Get somewhere with that dumb shit, stick to the formula I'll come over later when your kids asleep And do some nasty things that they gon' have to bleep Give it to you good, while he out there trickin Make your man say, "Girl yo' coo-coo feel different!"  [Hook w/ different ad libs]  [E-40] We just fuckin  [Bosko] Baby please stop the whinin Let me tear out your linin Orgasms multiplyin Until the sun is shinin On-ly a fool would throw this a-wayyyyyyyyyyy (ooooh)  [Hook w/ E-40 ad libs too]  [E-40] We just fuckin  [Bosko] + (E-40) Don't act like you want this to end I know you don't, know you don't (oooh) We both know we're just fu-ckin, we're fuckin (We just fuckin sweetheart) We can do this and still be friends, we can still be friends (Yeah, we can still be friends) We both know we're just fu-ckin, we're fuckin (we just fuckin) Just let me do ya baby (just let me do ya) Just let me screw ya baby (let me screw ya) I swear I'll fuck you all night, I'll fuck you so right  [E-40] You know, I'll come through I got the Astroglide, I got the larger size prophylactics Lifestyle, oowop edition you smell me? It's therapeutic and healin You know we got a certain chemistry sweetheart I come through the turf the other day Y'knahmean they scream out - here for the hemp list Here for the hemp list I go pick up a zip, stop by the liquor sto' Pick up a bottle of Beefeater and {?} grapefruit juice Cause I know that's yo' favorite, oooh  [Intro: Lil Jon} Yeah, motherfuckers! (Yeah!) ItsTheReal, bitch! (Bitch!) Lil Jon, bitch!  [Hook: ItsTheReal] I make raps Just to make dough Just to make liquor Just to make clothes Just to make movies Which pays more dough And now I'm rich, fly, and drunk And I forgot how to rap  [Verse 1: Eric Rosenthal] I'm retiring before my first release date Rap was a building block, but now I fuck with real estate Working construction, yeah, that's how I raise the roof I'm out there selling alcohol, it's called Recession Proof I'm not a rapper, go ahead and check my taxes I got a masters in cutting, I'm teaching classes I do this for my mother's hair, now it relaxes Building closets, they got racks and racks and rackses Clothing line crazy: Ron Artest fleece Match my purple and gold Metta Jesus piece I'm the Grand Cherokee, designing custom Jeeps Drove my talents all the way down to South Beach Turned nothing into stunting; ego self made Steady drinking on that ItsTheReal Kool-Aid Oh yeah, I'm a man of many hats I'm into selling out, not into selling raps  [Hook: ItsTheReal] X2  [Verse 2: Jeff Rosenthal] Fuck rapping, dog; rapping is for rappy rappers Man, I'm just an actor Make movies, make money, then screw it Make time for someone else to do it Selling out's an art form, I'm in the Louvre I'm just proving I've got nothing else to prove-ah Got a clothing line that everyone should know about Got a red wine everyone Bordeauxs about Fuck Hellman's, man, I'm Grey Poupon Shouldn't let me on the plane, my shoes are the bomb See me tweeting and I'm looking verified No matter where I go, I got a check by my side I'm retired, hang my jersey in the rafters Forget rapping; cash is what I'm after Being so clear as I make my great escape... Enjoy the rest of the mixtape!  [Hook: ItsTheReal] X2  [Outro: Lil Jon] Bye, bitches Bye, bitches! Rich, fly, drunk I could still rap though  (Big Gipp talking) Hello what's happening world? Yo this Big Gipp I've been called down By Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz To tell you what's really happening On these streets in the A-town man Cause you know a lot of shit going on A lot of flaw, a lot of people moving up A lot of people moving down You know what I mean, but after this I'm a tell you the truth now  Now after these 12 bars the world is gonna know a few facts And after these 12 bars you might get your shoulders in your laps See the neighborhood boys and the economy getting worse The candy lady jumping fifties outta Easter purse Bill Kammer gone, Shirley Franklin in The GC closed down, Mike Chiles got ten The feds locked the pimps up for pimpin in the south You may control her mind, but you can't control her mouth And these R&B stars having sex with the kids Need to be chopped up and castrated and served to the pigs Oh yeah homeboy, you big time in yo state But around here sucker, you get squeezed like grapes This a word to the wise, the gravy get chunky Somebody will pull that steel, throw it up an get funky I got that Wayne rims, Winnie the Pooh and Mr. Miyagi And horse tranquilizers that will fuck up your body The wolves out hunting they looking for new meat Better gather up your guns and keep yo chillin out the street I said the mutant's out hunting, he looking for fresh meat Better gather up your guns and keep yo chillin out the street, nigga  (Big Gipp talking to end)  [Intro: Pitbull] (Lil' Jon) (*Mr. Vegas) Oye Loca! Ven pa'ca! Oye Loca! Ven pa'ca! (*This is Mr. Vegas! Lil Jon!) (WHAT!!!) Muevelo, muevelo, sin parar! Muevelo, muevelo, sin parar! (What you say now!!!)  [Verse 1: Mr. Vegas] (Lil' Jon) (*Pitbull) They think I'm in Mexico, some think I'm in Puerto Rico (Yeah!!!) They wanna find me so, there searchin high and low (Let's go!!!) All a mi friends waan know weh mi deh Dem tink seh a New York mi deh All a di girls waan know weh mi deh, dem tink seh mi deh a Miami Jamaica waan know weh mi deh (*Toma) some a dem all a see mi run wey (*Toma) Mi baby modda waan know weh mi deh, she tink mi next gal a mi deh  [Chorus: Mr. Vegas] But I'm in Constant Spring, doin di Oh My Swing I'm in Brooklyn, just Willie Bouncin Dung inna yard and farin, just a bare a hot ting Unda mi Ginseng, A Government and ting  [Verse 2: Mr. Vegas] (Lil' Jon) Mr. Vegas nuh trouble nobody, dem a trouble trouble if dem trouble mi Inna di club mi and mi friend Agony, a drink Cranberryand Hennessy (OK!!!) Lil' Jon pon di turntables, and mi gone fi mash dem able Now Willie Bounce on di counter, table Now Oh My Swing a likkle pon di table Everybody just gwaan do yuh ting (Let's go!) Everybody do di Oh My Swing Everybody just gwaan do yuh ting, watch di people dem a Willie Bouncin  [Chorus: Mr. Vegas] Dung inna Constant Spring, doin di Oh My Swing I'm in Brooklyn, just Willie Bouncin Dung inna yard and farin, just a bare a hot ting Unda mi Ginseng, A Government and ting  [Verse 3: Wayne Marshall] (Lil' Jon) Just let it go, get crunked dance stomp on the dancefloor Music galore, and when you hear this so you wanna move some more Never heard before, Hip Hop, Government how the dance so short Can't get ignored, Lil' Jon, Wayne Marshall sell out tours From mi step up inna club Jon know mi zone out Three case of Crunk Juice have mi zone out Mi baby intact but mi head zone out, everybody gettin a, mad mad No doubt no doubt dat's weh yuh talkin about Di vibes weh mi feel is a hearty amount Di girls dem revealin walkin about I need one of di girls to come to come to Get low get dirty on di dancefloor Shake it fast and do it slow mo', shake shake yuh body girl shake shake yuh body girl Ahhhhhhh!!!! Hey hey hey a break it down Oh oh oh, everybody in di party say Oh oh oh, ladies move yuh body yeah (What you say now!) Oh oh oh, we enjoyin that party (WHAT!!!) These ladies gettin horny, and yo were feelin horny, yeah  [Chorus: Red Rat] (Lil' Jon) (*Pitbull) Mix di dancehall wid ATL fun, mix di Hennessy wid di Hygrade skunk Mi ready fi see di girls wid di junk in di trunk Shake dat ass wid di dancehall crunked We nuh run from girls cau none a we nuh punk (*Toma) We look fi di girls wid di junk in di trunk (*Toma) You ain't no nun girl I ain't no monk, so shake dat ass wid di dancehall crunked This beat guaranteed to make you jump Tun up di volume mek di speaker thump Pon di dancefloor we a grind and a pump So shake dat ass wid di dancehall crunked Yard man feel pon Steamfish and Conch So yuh know seh mi bat a bruise di gal dem lungs Drink some a this girl yuh must get dat drunk Shake dat ass wid di dancehall crunked  [Verse 4: Red Rat] (Lil' Jon) (*Pitbull) Wine down down down waistline go 'round and 'round Make your booty pop tic toc girlfriend go up and down Make your booty pound let'sgo and all around So drop it like it's hot when you hear the bassline sond (A let's go!!!) If yuh can split then split, if yuh can wine girlfriend just dip (*Toma) Move yuh body like a snake girlfriend or like Aaliyah just move yuh hips (*Toma) Go fi a pour and juice we a sip, hold on, get up nobody fi a sip (*Toma) Girl mi a squeeze up yuh tits yuh a feel up mi dick Get crunk all night cause sweat a fi a drip (Yeah!)  [Chorus: Red Rat] (Lil' Jon) (*Pitbull) Mix di dancehall wid ATL fun, mix di Hennessy wid di Hygrade skunk Mi ready fi see di girls wid di junk in di trunk Shake dat ass wid di dancehall crunked We nuh run from girls cau none a we nuh punk (*Toma) We look fi di girls wid di junk in di trunk (*Toma) You ain't no nun girl I ain't no monk, so shake dat ass wid di dancehall crunked This beat guaranteed to make you jump Tun up di volume mek di speaker thump Pon di dancefloor we a grind and a pump So shake dat ass wid di dancehall crunked Yard man feel pon Steamfish and Conch So yuh know seh mi bat a bruise di gal dem lungs Drink some a this girl yuh must get dat drunk Shake dat ass wid di dancehall crunked  [Chorus: Craigy T] (Bay-C) So fresh so clean, when we step inna di club we look lean (Don't disrespect) Seen!!! (Cau) Man a, man a, the dappa So fresh so clean, when we step inna di club we look lean (Don't disrespect) Seen!!! (Cau) Man a, man a, man a dappa  [Verse 5: Bay-C] (Lil' Jon) Dappa dappa, dat mean toppa toppa Bwoy disrespect and him get alot a coppa (WHAT!!!) Dem should a know seh machine we nuh lock a chat tuff and yuh head a roll pon di ground like socca Dat mek yuh dance mek yuh weddy weddy jiggy jiggy and chaka chaka (Oh!) Yuh see di Diamonds like Macka, numba one stunna, numba one shotta  [Chorus: Craigy T] (Bay-C) (*Lil' Jon) So fresh so clean, when we step inna di club we look lean (Don't disrespect) Seen!!! (Cau) Man a, man a, the dappa So fresh so clean, when we step inna di club we look lean (Don't disrespect) Seen!!! (Cau) Man a, man a, man a dappa  [Verse 6: Craigy T] (Lil' Jon) Don daddawe nuh tek tuff chatta, anybwoy test dead famuly nuh matta (WHAT!!!) Spend shell, have rot tat tat alotta, mek yuh bone marrow splatta and yuh chest pain shotta (Yeah!) Dem should a know seh we lock di town, and neva yuh tek rudebwoy fi clown Show yuh respect when yuh come around, T dot O have di city locked down  [Verse 7: Kardinal Offishall] (*Lil' Jon) Yuh see di man dem a bawl out (WUY!!!) yuh see di gal dem a scream out (WUY!!!) Yuh see di man dem a bawl out (WUY!!!) yuh see di gal dem a scream out (WUY!!!) Yuh a tek people fool then I ain't nothin to play with much to lay with Rudebwoys we nuh deal wid nuh fuckery yo Nuh bodda gimme di story bout this is entertainment Niggas a (Bloop..bloop....bloop) leave you on the pavement Man dem a try to be different and talkin the same shit Same bitch same whip watch who I came with Don man a walk we nuh skank inna dem step We nuh skin we nuh grin we nuh shape we nuh step See di bossman yah, wid di flag round yah If yuh bettin against mi yuh loss round yah I'm the motherfuckin thing and the source round yah A nigga down plus he reppin for the crown round yah Yuh see dat gal deh (Deal wid it fast) a man try punk yuh (Deal wid it fast) Hey, a weh mi money deh (Deal wid it fast) Becau di man dem jump in and (Deal wid it fast) (What you say now!) If yuh see a next gal (Deal wid it fast) Before she waan stick yuh (Deal wid it fast) Niggas tryin to get money (Deal wid it fast) Cause I'm comin to buss yo (Deal wid it fast)  [Outro: Pitbull] Oye Loca! Ven pa'ca! Oye Loca! Ven pa'ca! Muevelo, muevelo, sin parar! Muevelo, muevelo, sin parar!  Oh! {*3X*} Oh! {*2X*}  [Too $hort] I love to see you dance, do it your way Shake that ass, you know it's okay I just wanna know, if you'll strip Make a real player wanna give you a tip You move so sexy, I love the way you wiggle Your titties bounce around and your big booty jiggles Make the video, it's official Throw the stiff hoes out the game, blow the whistle I only fuck with money makers, the hustlers Bitches who know how to get motherfuckers You tryin hard, you put everything into it Cain't understand how these other hoes do it You ain't got no name brand shit Tryin to be fly but you ain't that bitch You've gotta want it to get it Give a trick some pussy tell him put somethin wit it  [Hook] Get down on it good if you a shaker I see you got him where you want him, get your cake up Drop it down to the flo' and get your paper Cause you a thoroughbred, youse a money maker Now let me see you pop that pussy, girl shake that ass Do a nasty dance, girl make that cash Bend that ass ovah, and touch the flo' He gotta tip if he want some mo' - tip that pussy! Shake that ass girl  [Pimp C] Eyes get pussy ho, shake that ass You're like the 84 but rich, cause it's sittin on glass Ain't nothin happenin but tricks gettin broke Fucked a lot of politicians but she never go vote The bitch got a lot of contacts Every nigga that she fuck got some kind of contract R&B singers, ballplayers and rappers Niggas call back cause the bitch got a snapper I'm tryin to get the bitch to chew It's payday bitch, you done paid your dues You're scrapin up your knees, climbin up the pole Yeah you a ho but you just ain't out on the stroll  [Hook]  [Rick Ross] I'm checkin these hoes, like checkin accounts I'm checkin for checks, get checks and I bounce I fuck with the vets, lot of money to count My hoes be stressed, put a gun in her mouth Bitch bring it to me, see I need it all I need another Benz, ho fuck 'em all I fucks with Chad, I fucks with Todd Bein trill niggas baby this our fuckin job I can meet her today, be in love by tonight You can bet by tomorrow, she'll be traffickin white She wanna fuck with me (Ross) for the rest of her life (Ross) Cause when I fuck her she tell me it's the best in her life It's Ricky Ross (Ross) you know my steez (steez) Still holdin ki's like your bitch holdin these (these) I'm a Dade County Chevy rider But I gotta Benz that's fuckin up everybody  [Hook]  Shake that ass girl!  Here we come - here we come ho - here we come Here we come ho - here we come - here we come ho - here we come Here we come ho - here we come - here we come ho - here we come Here we come ho - here we come - here we come ho - here we come  [Hook] - 2x's Move bitch, get out the way ho Fuck that shit, get out the way ho Move bitch, get out the way ho Fuck that shit, get out the way ho  [Lord Infamous] Nigga Three Six Mafia burn inside the southern territorial Leavin' a memorial page in editorial When ? watch yo back go front ????? Scarecrow Leave 'em stiff and froze my foes and hit 'em like Rose in China snow Wanna see the costs of the bosses comin' to toss it Ain't no losses, ain't no crosses, leave you dead in a closet Family recked from yo death-death, from yo early death Packin' some in jars, sendin' two off for the chef Cause I melt them with medicine I'm perscription called death when ?  [J-Bo] Oh there she go, old triflin' bitch Straight take a ho nigga, always out to lick And when shit is gettin' thick Out the door she split She straight slick But I'm slicker than that bitch gon' get So now move bitch, get out the way ho and lay low So say ho, you just another stank ho Trickin' on the dance flo' Lookin' kinda slutty though I'm all about my money ho when I bump on yo stereo And everywhere I go, it's the same old shit Jumpin' drawz just like a broad, so bitch fuck this now  Hook  [Sean Paul] They know me from my Lac's and my creases, I'm Sean Paul (Sean Paul) Slap the fuck out of each and all y'all (all y'all) I done seen niggas fall, I done seen niggas ball I done seen big girls shake with lil' bitty drawz (bitty drawz) And uh, the other day this bitch got smacked in the jaw (in the jaw) I done seen a whole lot, niggas ain't seen what I saw (yeah) I'm in it too deep, I could never come flaw (come flaw) If ya talkin' bout that pistol my nigga you better draw Okay, always sayin' shit that I mean Pelle Pelle, A-Town nigga gotta come clean  [Gangsta Boo] What's up motherfucka what's up Time to get real crunk, time to tear the club up All these sissy ass hoes talkin' shit about this lady Why you tryin' to doubt me baby I'm the shit, you can't fade me Now look what done happened, we done hooked up with Eastside Boyz Bringin' noise Makin' moves like the fuckin' U-Haul boys Gangsta Boo be groovin' always choosin', what's up with you nigga Gangsta Boo be makin' nothin' but hits increase to bigger figures Nigga don't play with the muthafuckin' don't play lady On the way, God damn what you bitches say Nigga  Hook  [Lil' Jon] Ah, Ah, Ahhhh-ha-ha-ha We comin' through like the Rock bitch Knock you out yo motherfuckin' socks bitch Droppin' bows like nothin' wrong bitch Bitch I'll break yo motherfuckin' nose bitch Didn't we tell yo ass to move bitch Now yo head busted ? two fuckin' bricks So get yo fire and dip ho Cause a nigga gone off that Quevo Why you still runnin' yo mouth bitch You must've not known who you fuckin' with We'll leave you dead in a fuckin' ditch Cause we runnin' with the Three Triple Six And them guns for them young hoes We'll leave ya firm like a dildo All my niggas doin' Fed time We'll leave yo belly filled with that iron  Hook 2x's  [Juicy J] I'm lookin' for them big butts Nothin but them quick sluts Something kinda freaky like skinny ho givin' up Maybe a nigga'll take the camp Probably let her ride my lap Made playaz from the Memphis Tenn, bitch I'm on the map I'm the kinda nigga bro' push a 450 ho Down the strip, Hennessy I sip on the low-low Hit me on my ? horn Can record, make a porn movie Don't be choosy with this nigga Juicy Ready to?  [Chyna Whyte] What y'all know to be part of this You gotta be on some heartless shit And whether it's legal or dirty, I'ma ball regardless trick And I don't give a fuck if you the tallest or the smallest bitch Don't none of you hoes know about this order shit Chyna Whyte I live that street life And I ain't gon' be happy till I got my momma eatin' right Still the one to grip that motherfuckin' heater tight And I'm still tryin' to find a motherfuckin' key to life Ya heard me  Hook 2x's  [DJ Paul] I might not be the freshest nigga up in the club But shoulda seen when I walked in the hoes said "What the fuck" They saw me VIP in the VIP y'all With these Rollies and the ? they be wonderin' "Who are y'all" We be steppin' no less than 30 deep and thinkin' we some stars My enterage spendin' no less than 80 G's on they cars If I took you to my crib you probably wouldn't believe or think I'm liein' Check my soundscan ho, if I'm liein' or dyin'  [Intro: Trillville] + (Lil Jon) (What, ugh) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (You can't!) Get on my level ho (You can't!) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (It's Trillville ho!) Get on my level ho (Lil Scrappy ho!) Get on my level ho (It's BME ho!) Get on my level ho (Let's gooo!)  ["Get on my level ho" repeated in background throughout song]  [Hook 2X: Trillville] + (Lil Jon) Bitch nigga you can neva eva, eva eva Eva eva, eva eva eva eva Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!)  [Dirty Mouth] Get the fuck back, get the fuck back already I ain't playin' nann day Prove a nigga whatcha say Meet me anywhere, I don't care it don't matter to me Cause if ya fuckin' step, I'ma step in yo vicinity What, you think I'm a ho nigga please you ain't on my level Get some rank bitch while I'm diggin' ya grave with a shovel Time after time I ask myself is it really clever For you to get with me, bitch nigga you can neva eva Rank on my level, I'm pushin Chevrolet pedal If you niggas fuck with me I got that chrome, heavy metal Never settle for less but always strive for the best Most these niggas playin chief'll put ya straight to the test  [Hook x2]  [Don Peezy] My Benz, looka at my 'Ac Look at my Navi' and my 'Lac Get on my level, hell nah neva that I knew you wasn't real cause all ya do is chit-chat Always slizzle makin' sho' I stay gone Call us some broad to the Geor-Georgia Dome Tryin' to get with me is like naps through a comb They call me Don P AKA Corlio Up in the club with my Cartier's on Don't know if I'm high, drunk, or gettin' my roll on He on the cell "Can ya hear me" hell nah Get on my level, that's what I'm tryin' to tell y'all For real  [Hook x2]  [LA] LA off in this thang, get up on my level ho Bitch nigga you can neva eva, eva eva hang Bitch nigga step the fuck back and if ya think I'm jokin Aks them niggas that tried to play us, see 'em lyin off in that coffin Trillville, ATL swangin swangin throwin bows Got some niggas that be hatin bustin slugs at my foes If ya thinkin' you can fuck with a nigga like me Nah nigga get rich, Trillville and BME What the fuck you talkin' about "What you deep" nigga what! If a hater wanna hate then a hater gettin' bust We ain't hard to find nigga so why ya steadily talkin' shit I'm fixin' to sick my dogs ho Pussy nigga, get big nigga ho  [Lil Scrappy] Get crunk out ya brains when I spit this verse I'm a blood suckin' vampire, my venom is worse Head bustas deal with dangerous thirsts Shatter ya bones in ya chest and make ya motherfuckin heart burst Don't worry now, best of the South on the map Knock yo thoughts out and leave yo brains on ya lap Don't touch my Kango shorty, what's wrong with you I might drop my fist back and knock yo grill through  [Hook x2]  [Lil Jon x8] Run around the motherfuckin club  [Intro] Trillville (Lil Jon) (What, ugh) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (You can't!) Get on my level ho (You can't!) Get on my level ho (It's Trillville ho!) Get on my level ho (It's Trillville ho!) Get on my level ho (It's BME ho!) Get on my level ho (Let's gooo!)  [Chorus] Trillville (Lil Jon) 2x Bitch nigga you can neva eva, eva eva Eva eva, eva eva eva eva Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!) Get on my level ho (What!)  [Dirty Mouth] Just like I said, get the fuck back Get up on my level jack Braided chips is all I stack Roll a seven, bring it back Never crapped out Cause my pimpin' is too slick for that But if ya think I'm jokin' then I guess That's yo ass jack Beat 'em down, stomp 'em out You know what I'm talkin' 'bout Dirty Mouth up in this bitch Trillville, we represent Any city, any hood Any state it's all good Wish you lames could get up on my level But you never could In the club, throwin' bows Niggas grillin' wit they gold Mean muggin' hard, cause they crunk out the rainbow BME, is the clique North, South, East, and West Get up on my level cause my clique is the fuckin' Best  [Twista] Nigga I got too many stars, too many stripes Too many thumpers, and too many pipes Get up in the club, I'm a kill in the fight Hit 'em in the mouth with the left and a right Fuck yo boys, fuck yo laws Keep lookin' at me I'm a hit 'em in the jaw Mac-11, 30 caliburs, and SK's And a trunk full of haters if you really wanna draw See yo bitch, smack a bitch Up that thing, then my gat to click Bust yo dome in the back of it Then I ride to the black Cadillac and split If you don't really wanna get the picture Then I gotta hit ya wit real steel And I ride then I scream "You can't fuck with Twista and Trillville!" Cause we got them thangs, got that dust When I'm in the club, guls hold that butt Make them shorties wanna cut Wit the spinners on the Benz, 24's on the truck Wood and leather You really wanna get ahead of motherfuckers like me But I'm bringin' better cheddar When it come to out-doin' motherfuckers like me Nigga you could neva eva  [Chorus] 2x  [Don Peezy] My, my Benz, look at my 'Ac Loom at my Benz, look at my 'Ac Get on, get on my level, hell nah neva that Get on, get on my level, hell nah neva that My nigga chill Let a nigga know Yo clique, one My clique, fo' Lookin' at my watch, time for y'all boys to go I used to get in hell but that's when I was broke Always crunk with my niggas Usually, always drunk with my niggas Usually, think this shit a joke, Mr. D.L. Hughley? Pop a nigga mouth, how 'bout ya life Ya feel like losin'? Yeeeeeah, now take that I knew you wasn't real cause all you do is chit chat High and drunk, and drunk and get my, get my roll back High and drunk, and drunk and get my, get my throw Back Yeeeeeah  [LA] Lookin' light off in this bitch Ya still ain't on my level ho Crunk as fuck, ready to buck Ya better duck, we comin' forth Get on the floor, kick down ya door Skip, passed to me and I got the 'dro And I'm up, post So what ya know about the A-T-L, ho It's where we play, "Trillville U.S.A." These street times is real Any city, any state Evacuate the place or catch a blow to ya face Them niggas think they hard, sweet as muthfuckin' cake A cupcake, a mistake Picture dead in ya mouth Now what we reppin' muthafuck'? That dirty south So throw yo clique up nigga, we stompin' it out And if ya smell like trash, we takin' ya out  [Chorus] 2x  [Lil Jon x8] Run around the motherfuckin' club!  Yeah  (Oobie Sings) As the night aproaches I, decide that I'ma call my favorite guy Cause I don't wanna be at home alone, I wish that you would hurry home So baby trust me It's going on , better hurry home to me Gotta surprise for you... theres nuthin that I won't do... for you so  (Chorus: Oobie) 2x Tonite I'll sleep with nothing on So make sure that you hurry home Cause I'll be waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you With nothing on  (Rap by Chyna Whyte) I'm hittin you on the two-way, shit, cause I want it bad And I ain't thinkin bout nothing but You and me blowing hash in the midnight hour I know you thugging in the streets bout your money But best respect this pussy got the power You can't deny the way I twurk this here I'm talkin' freaky on this here come one and work this here And bust it open like I'm bout to get burnt in here I do my dirt in here, you know what im workin with These titties perky, I ain't a virgin you ain't gotta worry bout a thing Just lay back cause I'm on a mission to please And I got plenty doe whodie so I ain't lookin for cheese Not tonight I got a quarter pound of that weed And we can go to the verge, come one put it all in me I like it real deep, wit no rubber so that you can feel me, you feel me? I got your bitch wantin to kill me behind the snapper Cause I fucks like a master, and suck like I'm dracula And I ain't caught up in the rapture  (Chorus: Oobie) 2x Tonite I'll sleep with nothing on So make sure that you hurry home Cause I'll be waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you With nothing on  (Rap) (SHAWTY!!!)My baby momma sleeping (yea)so tonight I'm creeping (uh huh) 20 west, to where you rest, your heads the best (that's rite) I bust on your chin (skeet skeet motherfucker) you rub it in (hah) You make a preacher man sin Now we butt naked fucking all on the floor (uh huh) I got you screaming louder than a 2 doller ho (uh huh) I'm beating that pussy up like a heavy weight fight (uh huh) Ya came 3 times, how that dick girl (oobie whispers: TITE)  (Rap) Girl I hit the door with nothing in my mind So when you feeling freaky baby call me anytime You say tonight, no small talk or foreplay On that purple 'dro, allassy, and hennessy All the freaky things you do got me going crazy Got me thinking to myself can you be my lady But hell naw, cause I can't fall in love wit the cut Just stop by to hit it quick and get enough, a-get enough  (Chorus: Oobie) 2x Tonite I'll sleep with nothing on So make sure that you hurry home Cause I'll be waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you With nothing on  (Oobie sings) 2x Tonite I'll sleep with no clothes on So make sure you hurry home I'm waiting aa-all alone Don't make me, wait too long  (Rap by Bo Hagon) I'll beat the pussy up and leave you in bed legs shaken Wake up alone by 2 in the morn' like damn, Hagon Careful what you ask for cause you just might get it And once I came would you swallow or spit it I kno you freaky you dont have to admit it I take 'em petite , or thick in the thighs I like to fuck 'em while I look in they eyes So go on, cut up , girl toot your butt up and do your thang Sad but I knew your pussy before I knew your name  (Chorus: Oobie) 2x Tonite I'll sleep with nothing on So make sure that you hurry home Cause I'll be waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you With nothing on  (Oobie) 2x Ooo nana nana, ooo nana nana Ooo nana nana, ooo nana nana  [Intro: Lil' Jon] This your boy Lil' Jon I'm here to tell you With another one Here we go, here we go Well, I got DJ Smurf, D-Roc and Kaine Here to tell you this is gangster music and booty shakin' music What we call it is that gangster party If y'all ready for that gangster party, let me see you put your hands together Put your hands together for D-Roc and Kaine and DJ Smurf Next time a red neck put a pistol down...  [Verse 1: D-Roc, Kaine]  [D-Roc] Nigga killer, bitch you ain't heard of the Ying Yang Twins soldiers Nigga I tried, I told you We put it down coming right back, cause it's like that, on a phat track With a fat sack D-Roc and Kaine, ready for combat Ying Yang, Inglewood, that's our home It could be on, we ready for war so let's get it on Plus we maintain, put one in your brain We keep shit real, DJ Smurf straight thuggin' and knocking out grills man  [Kaine, (D-Roc)] Here we come so fuck the whole flow Ying Yang Twins kicking in your door Everybody better hit the floor Give me the weed and out you'll go Bad kids on a dead-end street Told Smurf to get the keys to the Jeep Three niggas only goddam free If you fronting, get put to sleep Infrared beam over your skull Give me the shit - I won't kill your girl Fuck that bitch and fuck the world (Man, what you saying nigga?) fuck the world! Man, I'm down cause it's all in the game D-Roc and Kaine, that Ying Yang Twins Then go bring some pain Nigga gone tilt it down on they brain  [Chorus: Ying Yang Twins (repeat 3x)] Fuck that one I got my Nina gun pistol! Down on they brain  [Verse 2: D-Roc] I make you wanna pop that thing girl when the bass drop The D-Roc make you wanna pop the Glock, it don't stop Smurf be an alcoholic I love these hoes, thank God for hydraulics (wooo!) That's the sound of the ghetto Arrive down here, be darker than the cattle Oh no, nigga watch your nose Cause you'll get hit by hoes that spit flows and prose Strictly coming niggas that ho A thug that tight is what your boy chose The niggas I sell the drugs The ghetto type hold the world it's for thugs So all my flows, yeah, your boy loves College Park in the house watch 'em up When shit hit the fan we fight dirty And send y'all weak motherfuckers to bed early  [Chorus: Ying Yang Twins]  [Verse 3: Kaine, (D-Roc)] Nigga fuck it, quit it before you get put on your back with a pistol - down On your brain Recognize the Ying Yang Twins (in the game, cocking in) Ying Yang Inglewood soldiers only cocking in Fuss or that one on one cause I got my pistol (Ying Yang don't take shit!) we make this motherfucker whistle D-Roc, Kaine, DJ Smurf, we bring it straight pimping (Fuck that one on one!), put the pistol down on they brain  [Chorus: Ying Yang Twins]  Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Yeah, (Yeah) Lil' Jon and them Eastside Boyz, alright, alright Talkin' bout Big Momma, Big Momma, Big Momma  [Hook x16 GO BIG MOMMA!, go ahead, go ahead  [Verse 1] Uh, uh, uh, uh ooh, ah let's begin Big Momma comin' through better tell your friends What that South like That good country cookin' all day and night She might be big but she can still go To the dance flo' to the back of our co' Hey, don't talk no junk Ya might get skunked with a mother gun, huh If ya wanna fight Big Momma knock ya out with one aight It's all to the good Cause nobody watchin' over our neighborhood But wait a minute I came to get with Sherry or Bennett Cause she so cute And I love it when she wear them Daisy Dukes  [Hook x16] GO BIG MOMMA!, go ahead, go ahead  [Verse 2] I was at a jam the other night Seen Big Momma, she was lookin' tight Iced out, grill in her mouth Flake in her hair, representin' that South On the floor she was shakin' that thang Poppin' that thang, damn, twerkin' that thang Big Momma off the chain She will show ya know shame cause she true to the game And ya know she serious And the way she bounce got a playa delirious And I know she ready Gotta dance so crunk even though she heafty And when we left the club I seen Big Momma's Caddy sittin' on them dubs And the trunk with the block beater I was sittin' right behind her in the two-seater  [Hook x16] GO BIG MOMMA!, what, what  [Verse 3] Ooh look at Big Momma, OOH BIG MAMA! Big Momma droppin' that thang, OOH BIG MAMA! Big Momma big and beautiful, OOH BIG MAMA! Look at Big Momma with them Daisy Dukes, OOH BIG MAMA! Big Momma got on some jammies, OOH BIG MAMA! Big Momma what chu' talkin' bout, OOH BIG MAMA! Big Momma done gone off the top, OOH BIG MAMA! Big Momma you scare me, OOH BIG MAMA!  [Hook x16] GO BIG MOMMA!, go ahead, go ahead  GO AHEAD! (Repeated to fade)  [Chorus - 2x] I ain't really here to play no games girl You already know my name yeah Freaky deaky cause it ain't no thang yeah B-ba-da-da-da-da  [Trick Daddy] You see the part of making busta ass niggas you been fucking with Always busting shit, but never talking shit Any of us tell you don't think that a playa did it And made you wear the life is more than a hell didn't it Boy I tell you, and that's the deal with them real niggas And stay far away from fuck niggas Don't be a sucka at least not for nothing are you Sucking and fucking, a bitch better have something I need something that's compatible Not nothing young and dumb and full of cum but wanna letable I better, nigga like T Double, get it wetter Suck her fuck her better than the average nigga I need a girl that's into trying thangs So I can put her into my frame, and land in the mind game I know she's a mama girl and I'm a street nigga Once we get together, I bet you she'll sleep better  [Chorus - 2x]  [Trick Daddy] Baby girl it's better to keep it thugged out Ain't nothing like it when you, scratching and biting only gets me excited She like, T Double why you fucking with me I done came three times and you still sucking on the first titty I'm like girl you better work it better Like the full moon in June but pretty soon I'll be hurting it Now turn around, let me calm you down We go up and down, real niggas puts it down I'm getting aquainted with the clitoris I keep my hands to my sides, while I slowly spread the lips I eats it up, 'fore I beats it up The first quarter slow motion, second half, speed it up Plus she already owe me one, she like Nevermind, but this time we 69ing I need my dick sucked C.O.D This is T Double D I get my dick sucked O.D.P  [Chorus - 2x]  [Trick Daddy] Being that I'm missing you, been having fantasies of kissing you I get the picture, I piss you but what I'm suppose to do Or could it be that I'm falling in love Or a possibility I'm way too far for a thug I'll never tease you, I'm here to please you And baby girl believe it, girl I'll never leave you I'll be your freaky deaky lover man Making love forever trying all the god damn numbers When we, rubbing and touching eachother Oh my god it's getting hard and you getting wetter and wetter It's getting better and better, wish it could last forever But never never, nothing I ain't worried girl  [Chorus - 4x]  Instrumental  [Intro: Lil Wayne]  Tune, Tune, Tune, Tune (Body, Body, Body, Body)  [Hook: Detail]  Yeah, I Got Stacks so i pull em Lamborghini, four kid das how i get up Pop A champagne, Just how i pull up Got statements in the bank still we up Meet us at the mall you see we pull up Been out is what it is to my trunk full up Even the Eight Oh Eight, when when i pull up Just how i pull up, just how i pull up  [Verse 1: Lil Jon]  They Say Yeah! (Yeah!), when i pull up I got 20 Goons wit me throwin they hood up Bitch Move like Luda Or have your fuckin shoes dealt in the sewea Bitch I'm the King call me the rula Bank account ya'll give a Catch it grew up We gettin money yeah that Gudda And we still ain't takin Hoes ova through there We over seas smokin hookah While you ridin round tryin to get that hooka Yo ho run out We on through ya Leave yo pussy nigga stuff straight shook up  [Hook: Detail]  [Intro/Chorus: Lil' Jon - repeat 2X] Quit hatin motherfucker, quit hatin! Quit hatin pussy nigga, quit hatin! God damnit MOTHERFUCKAHHH God damnit MOTHERFUCKAHHH  [Lyfe] I got the call, stuck at the crib, ho I'm ready for war Call your boy I got the deals and I'm hittin the do' I got some niggas with them figures waitin at the club Gettin jigga with a swigga while I'm sittin on dubs Lookin fake as hell, I keep my nails ready to fight Club closed, powdered nose, I'm on one tonight I keep them hatin bitches up so they can mimic the game Watch yo' back cause if he gangsta then I'm takin yo' mayne Haha, y'all bitches ain't keep shit real Y'all bitches ain't got the wheel Y'all bitches done clappin ya traps and don't even know the fuckin deal Y'all just some hatin ass hoes, mad cause these real niggas chose Y'all bitches be poppin that shit gon' get popped in ya fuckin nose Cause this shit big shit bitch, I'm down with that player shit Y'all over there talkin now but you really just wanna suck his dick Y'all bitches is scared and y'all been dared to make a move ho It's Joan of Arc, pullin guns on y'all hatin hoes  [Chorus]  [Pimp C] My baby momma butler hooked me with thirty-six So many games cookin whippin down 55 in this bitch Niggas thought that I was slumpin I was steadily pumpin Niggas talkin bout a drop but man I ain't dealin nothin I'm a self made nigga on the grind in the skreets I ain't really wanna do it but my baby had to eat From sales to hotels and dough from pote(?)nail Pay everybody bail, ain't no spendin time in jail Been around the world, y'all niggas ain't seen all the shit I seen Them girls, send them to Essence cause they sixteen I'm comin through a couple bars to pimp them nipplezeens In Southern Benz, S-Class, know what the fuck I mean? A pimper, a stankin shriver(?) a Jack Tripper A candy sweet dipper playin with cock and suckin on nipples Every day my game get thicker, gettin good head from champagne sippers Rapper the bird flipper, man, a motherfuckin nigga  [Chorus]  [Verse Three] Haters can't get it cause I ride with thugs, killers Can only date the millionaires and drug dealers Takin notes from Scarface and Goodfellas Straight gangsters or them motherfuckein hoodfellas Pretty and still gritty, like Frank Nitti And I, flaunt my titties like I'm on "Sex and the City" So here we go again, daddy short, why they hatin? Cause ain't none bitch this rich and hit makin  [Chorus]  [Too $hort having convo that starts over Chorus] What's up Todd? What's up with you girl, what's goin on? Ahh shit, the usual, fly from here to there Doin a little bit of change, legal money - ha ha ha Like that? Guess what, you know you on my album right? What? So what are you saying Todd? He he he, I'm sayin that, it's goin down right now baby The song is called "Quit Hatin'," and I just wanna know What would you say to the haters in yo' life? Niggas hatin.. bitches hatin.. fuck 'em!  [singer - repeat to fade] You ain't gotta hate me so much Just show me some love, when I pull up on dubs And you ain't gotta pay me to fuck Just show me some love, when you see me at the club  * Originally titled "Ride" from debut album "Da Ghetto Psychic"  [Intro - Rated R] Uh huh, yeah (I ain't scared of you motherfuckers!) Yeah, momma didn't raise me well (yeah!) I ain't scared of y'all niggas Rated R (we could do that) Lil Jon (whatever you wanna do we could do that) (yeah!) (Whatever you wanna do we could do that) Trying to tell them fa sho (getting it crunk in this bitch fa sho!) (Tampa, are we supposed to be scared of these niggas out here?) (Whatever you wanna do we could do that) 2-4-1 (yeah!) (Whatever you wanna do we could do that) Florida, ATL (Oh) oh! (oh) oh! (oh)  [Chorus - Rated R] (Lil Jon) Oh! I'm 'posed to run nigga? (run nigga!) I'm 'posed to hide? Nigga you 'posed to ride nigga! (ride nigga ride!) Oh! I'm 'posed to run nigga? (run nigga!) I'm 'posed to hide? Nigga you 'posed to ride nigga! (ride nigga ride!) (You better rep it 'fore I make this bitch spit, YEAH!!) (You better rep it 'fore I make this bitch spit, YEAH!!) (You better rep it 'fore I make this bitch spit, YEAH!!) (You better rep it 'fore I make this bitch spit, YEAH!!)  [Verse - Rated R] You don't wanna be my target, my nigga Hit ya from the three point range like Reggie Miller I hang on the block wit killas and drug dealers That got love and slugs for a nigga So take ya pick, take a stick, take a brick Cause niggas round here ain't taking no shit Ya ho bitch, ya bitch ho, I don't give a fuck Cause you fin to go get yours cause I got mine Whachu is blind? (You better break 'fore I make this bitch spit one time!) It's yo fault I had to get my nine Last man standing when this shit start firing That's right, everytime  [Chorus]  [Verse - Rated R] Now I been missing in action like Bin Laden Meantime deep in the lab and still rapping Ghetto Project, stacking, relaxing and still thinking Hit Lil Jon up for a track and told em let's make it happen I'm tired of the tongue grappling (fa real) We can get the guns clapping, betcha that'll get ya toes tapping Toward the exit, let's get physical Bump then thump, run for the trunk Pull out the pump, O-Town gon now It's too late to cry, somebody gotta die Bye bye, now we gon find out Who can do they thang in the game when there's no timeout  [Chorus]  [Verse - Rated R] You better pray motherfucker Your life I'm bout to take motherfucker Duece duece in lake motherfucker You a fake motherfucker! C'mon nigga shake motherfucker Let's see what we can make motherfucker Money or war, whachu came here for? Ain't nothing but slugs and a room full of thugs Whole bunch of hustlers passing out drugs Watching real close, every hug ain't a hug That's a transaction, swanging on a nigga dawg is just a reaction Think what you wanna think but you can not imagine Nigga I'm a savage, and all that fun shit I won't have it Y'all better back up and live, play wit ya kids Handle ya liquor, I hope ya got your boys wit ya Count em up, cause somebody gon be missing Wit that bullshit in a fucked up position!  [Chorus]  [Outro - Rated R] (8x) Whatever you wanna do we could do that  [Intro: Daz] + ($hort) Uhh, yeah This for all them girls that be actin like they so fine Whassup $hort? (Man grab Lil Jon and Kurupt) Kurupt (Let's fuck these hoes up) Daz (Yeah) Lil Jon (Whassup with that bitch?)  [Daz] She want it, Gucci'd up, jewelry'd down Give a fuck if you fine bitch, we got to clowwwn Break it down for all you bad hoes E'rybody's somebody, yeah they gots to know Livin off a scholarship, parents and lawsuits Wanted that pussy girl, soon as I saw you Baby girl you the freak of the week So sadity, you ain't pretty girl, suck on theeeese Sorry, don't want me to talk like dat I gotta see you girl when you walk like dat Ask your name and number and I start to wonder Is there any mo' stuck up hoes out yonder Sexy brown chocolate vanilla white child I like yo' ass and I like yo' smile But all that smirkin gon' get you cussed out Fuck you bitch, put this dick in your mouth  [Hook: Daz] See I don't, know why, you act so sadity You're superbad bitch but your ass ain't pretty Show me your ass girl, then show me yo' titties Too $hort, Lil Jon and Pound get wit it  [Interlude] (Why you act sadity.. why you act sadity..) (Why you act sadity.. why you act sadity..)  [Too $hort - over Interlude] Fuck that bitch! With her sadity ass  [Kurupt] Damn, look at her, what's your name? How come I ain't never met you in the game? You somebody I could have on my side We could partner in crime, it's just you and I The problem is that you're just a bitch I couldn't trust you as far as you can sit and piss Look bitch, I know you got bank You're actin rude, and your attitude is stank bitch But that shit won't work with me Uncle Too $hort, or D-A-Z See I'm bangin to Lil Jon When this dumb pretty bitch turned my radio off Had a nigga, so pissed off So I laid right back and let her eat my dick off Yeah bitch, I'm talkin to you Stop actin high sadity bitch, chill be cool  [Hook]  [Too $hort] You got money in your purse girl Shake that ass, make it work girl Tryin to shake it 'til it hurt girl I'm fin' ta check yo' ass Lil' bad-ass bitch came through with her clique They all look good, I'm like who would I pick When they walk past me, I do 'em like this Grab that ass, let her feel on my dick Actin fake sadity and stuck up Sittin next to her, she holla get the fuck up You ain't never too cute to get slapped Shit gon' change when you get with a mack You can't hold back when you fuck with me Don't let me find out that you're just a tease Don't let me find out you won't suck my balls Bitches like that I don't fuck with y'all I fuck with bad bitches, my girls do it all I ain't gotta finance trips to the mall Tell that fine-ass bitch I'm Todd Shaw As I stick my dick in her jaw  [Hook] + [Interlude]  [Hook: repeat 4X] She say she love me, she - she say she love me She - she say she love me but all we do now is fuck and fight  [E-40] If I asked you to rob that bank with me, wouldja do it? Wouldja do you time like Martha Stewart? Wouldja bust a nine, wouldja go to bat? Put your life on the line with me, hit the dope track? Oooh - is you down, would you beat a bootch down? If a pimp couldn't swim, would you let a pimp drown? Wouldja, stop naggin me about last night? (Last night) Two wrongs don't make no right (no right) All we do is fuck and fight Kiss and make up and lay up all night Now bend over while I lay this pipe While I beat the coochie to the broad daylight She say she love me (love me) But when I'm in the studio, she be gettin all ugly (Gettin all ugly... she say she love me) But I could give a fuck 'bout it cause I'm 'bout my money Bendin co'ners, ridin jump off Money long, like Mutumbo Got that tweed, pushin peas Frankenstein, 2-2-3's I'm about my money (money) Hangin out the window throwin up the Playboy bunny Ain't never phony I'mma keep it movin mayne cause I'm always hongry Lil' momma what that is, tell me what'cha name What it be, do you need a lil' Q.T.? A lil' quality time, a lil' bumpin and grind A lil' wine and dine, a lil' movie? A lil' money sometime, a lil' Dolce Gabann' A cherry Louis Vuitton, a lil' jewelry? Why you mad, why you always take it out on me? (on me) Why you always showin out in front of company? (company)  [Hook]  [8 Ball] Mannnnnnnn, ain't never seen one look like you cutie Dammmmmmmn, five foot two with a nice round booty You are just my type, I can see it in yo' eyes And I knew that from day one Stayin up all night just chillin Talkin 'bout what we gonna name my son Twenty-fo' seven hustlin The object is not to be broke again Let me get yo' whole paycheck One time when I couldn't pay the rent Now look at your baby Benz With the lil' TV and the crazy rims Big rocks on your hand Tell your friends big daddy bought them Now, on the other hand Here we go again, talkin 'bout "Where the fuck you been?" Always, at the studio In another time zone tryin to get rich Get you for the Zinfandel Fire up one, let you hit the green Niggas mad, you on my team Cause they know how you move them things Come home, be a momma and a wife and a freak in the bed baby I'm tryin to work Why you gotta call me 100 times like you crazy? Don't play, when the time is right We can get up in the urr and go play Wanna go dere, then stay hurr, and love me e'ryday  [Hook]  [Bun B] Well there's a stranger in my house, in my bed Fuckin up my life and my bread Playin mind games all in my head Sometimes I swear you worse than the feds You love a nigga, then hate a nigga Then you love me again man this shit's confusin In the streets hittin licks I'm winnin Comin home fuckin with you man I'm losin (I'm losin) I'm built for drama but not this kind (this kind) Let it slide befo' but not this time (this time) This is the business in this here hustlin You can't be fuckin up this grind (this grind) Man you been doin too much campin (campin) Bumpin your gums and yappin (yappin) Interferin in grown folks business And baby girl I just can't let that happen (happen) I've been out here sweatin this blood Fuckin with cutthroats to get this cake (this cake) But I swear, it seems like the mo' I give ya The more you try to take My heart and my back you try to break I ain't crazy I see the signs Try to steal my light and my shine You must be outta yo' fuckin mind (DAMN!) I just wanted to spoil you Well I guess I succeeded But now you just too fuckin conceited If this is love I don't need it You actin like you the pimp and I'm the ho (HELL NO) Man I swear to God if your pussy wasn't the bomb I'da left yo' ass a long time ago BITCH! {*echoes*}  [Hook: DecadeZ] When I walk up in the club I stay suit up Got my strap up on my hip Waiting for someone to trip They say I need to slow it down (Uhh! Before something reach and I can't) They say I need to slow it down (Uhh! But I'm used to going hard in the paint) They say I need to slow it down (slow it down) Slow it down They say I need to slow it down (slow it down) Slow it down  [Verse 1: E-40] Freshly fitted and kidded nevertheless I get my gear and my kicks from Manny over at foot express I got a S on my chest for something You got a N on your chest for nothing I said it before and I'll probably say it again We ain't in it too lose we in it to win I still be drinking old school gin and getting tunned Another word for pounted is wounded alcohol consume it Blah, still on the paper chase Outside of the minus hustler he stay on the case Heavy on the grind salute pay in a pillowcase All the neighborhoods and they grandma know that I'm a case Turner on my waist, in case I gotta erase Evaporate a hater for getting all in my face Precipitate this potato for speaking all outta place I live in the Bay but the mountain lions a space BEITCH!  [Hook: DecadeZ]  [Verse 2: J Stalin] Couple shots of Henny I'm so sick with it She says she wanna livewire told her come and get it As if I want it lil mama I'm a come and hit it You fucking with a millionaire king of the city I think I'm Rookie Johnston I think I'm Frank Nitti And baby girl she aight but the money pretty I keep a banger cause some niggas they trippin' Acting like they never seen a nigga on a television Niggas speaking in colls we call it bird talk West so I'm reppin' I fuck the 40 and Turf Talk Real Bay niggas, we get real money We in the VIP so keep them bottles coming I'm never throwing hundreds, but keep a bank roll I'm too fly with a nigga wore... That shawty keep a lick like a candle I'm never too famous I still run a phantom  [Hook: DecadeZ]  [Talking: Lil Jon] Aight niggas and nigheads we gotta slow this shit down For the real muthafuckin' playas in the house It's ya boy Lil Jon talking to yo muthafuckin' ass Taking it back to the ole school Now you know how we used to do Nigga hit the slow it down with girls and sqeeze real tight on that booty That's what your ass need to be doing right now fool let's go Speed it back up Hey! Hey! 40 Water Gah! Sick Wid It  [Intro: Ludacris] Ha ha yeah uh uh uh uh Ludacris, Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz drop it  [Chorus: Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz] What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, What's up! Stop trippin ho, stop trippin ho, stop trippin ho, stop trippin ho, stop Trippin ho, stop trippin Ho, stop trippin ho, stop trippin ho! Shake it, pop it, wiggle it, bounce it Shake it, pop it, wiggle it, bounce it Shake it, pop it, wiggle it, bounce it Shake it, pop it, wiggle it, bounce it  [Verse 1: Ludacris] A, FUCK hoes, that's how I start my rhyme off So take your ass to the doctor, hold your balls and cough I take one to the head piece you take one to the dome Click your heels GO HOME Me and the rush we up in the back getting HIGH I represent C.P. South Side until I DIE And the haters want to know why I'm that nigga with the clout It's because I'm coming in like toilet paper is running out And I'm all about the paper when I'm coming from the heart I get up in some ass, then break wind like a fart From the start to the finish, diminish them in my spare time Messing with hoes whose legs go back further than your father's hairline Hit down when I get down make them sit down catch a fit now Fussing and I'm cussing when I'm busting now who's the shit now ME And I'm trying to let them know just how I'm flipping Disturbing Tha Peace, tell these hoes to quit (trippin ho)  [Chorus: Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz]  [Verse 2: Daddy T] Roll out the red carpets, let the game begin Daddy T coming through to fuck all your freaky friends Because every day is the same thing, baby I'm a player Hit me on the beeper, hell yeah on my cell Pick her up knock her down and drop her back out Why you waiting on that bitch trying to stay in the house? I'm going to keep stabbing though stabbing though Because your bitch is my trick Why you kissing that ho there for sucking my dick? Because I don't give a fuck because I got a block of sex Ready to get my nuts so Daddy T can catch a nut Then it's back to the crib then let my pimping rest up Because I got another nigga ho to make me catch a nut While y'all suckers throwing stuff about these hoes that bringing out the hen Fuck it, in the back of baby body Benz See I expose these hoes for the freaks that they be, so enemies try to act Sharp, sharp  [Chorus: Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz]  [Verse 3: Lil' Chris] No matter where I'm at, no matter where I go It's just like this on and off the road I let them suckers get mad, players keep playing Fuck all those who don't like what I'm saying Get tricked if you want to, better learn the game Because all around the world it's the same old thing They thinking them hand cuffs going to keep me from getting they hoes You can lock them in the safe, I'm going to break the code Can't change no freak, this shit forever She's going to sneak and do it anyways, so you might as well let her How you figure because she's pregnant she starts fucking, you crazy? Y'all is still coming through and feeding the baby Better believe I dig them down every chance I get But don't quote me bitch because I ain't said shit, said shit, said shit...  [Chorus: Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz]  [Verse 4: Lil' Chris, (Ludacris)] I rolled out the headville (uh huh) pulled up in tight pocket (what) Pushed up on a tight little something and just had to knock it In the biginning we was tripping and shit (uh huh) I was showing old girl how to line up a stick (ha ha) She got happy when she hit that not in the side, (what) gave me a hug And I was ready to fuck Because her body was so soft I'm thinking guaranteed cutting, going to knock her off Play my hand right What's up let's hit this honeycomb hide-out Tell your friends your with me and let's ride out (ride out!) But you know they had a fat girl in the bunch (uh huh) Talking shit, I'm about to punch her ass in the stomach (ha ha) I understand big girl wants to nut (yeah) All she had to do was ask, I would have fucked (ha) Discrimination ain't in Lil' Chris (Lil' Chris!) Everyboby know mad bagging they don't want it  [Chorus: Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz]  [Outro: Ludacris] Ludacris, Daddy T, Backdoor Joey, Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz, DJ Smurf Drop, drop, drop, drop, drop, drop, drop  [Hook] You're thuggin and you love the streets Huggin the block, sellin rocks, gettin major heat And niggas hatin, and you ain't stop to think about Niggas runnin they mouth, niggas cessed you out That's how it goes down What happened to the days when we could hug a block Flippin rocks and just get money I remember when you and me used to ball, we had it all, and we took a fall  [Verse One] I came up in Cokeland, better known as Oakland Your weed could sell, are you smokin? Eighteen with a big Mercedes Sellin dope in the mid-eighties Homie talkin bout I'm about to win Now when you gon' let'em all out the pen You sold crack to hell and back Whoever would have thought you could fail at that Bein broke ain't never been cool And it ain't no hope when youre failing in school You might as well flip the sac Roll out of town and take a trip with that Or you could just hit the block Stayin on the corner, come and get the rocks Bein out on the streets as a young teen Wasn't always a fun thing  [Hook] You're thuggin and you love the streets Huggin the block, sellin rocks, gettin major heat And niggas hatin, and you ain't stop to think about Niggas runnin they mouh, niggas snitched you out That's how it goes down What happened to the days when we could hug a block Flippin rocks and just get money I remember when you and me used to ball We had it all, and we took a fall That's how it goes down  [Verse Two] Dope fiend still get high While dope dealers barely get by You better get your life right You wanna live in the 'burbs with your white wife Do your own thing I know you want change And I can't play you wrong man I'm laced with that long game It's just not a lot of choices man You ain't plannin to go to jail with the poison clan So you could be another number in the system, stuck, for years Got a brother in the pen fucked up All the stashes you know you kept And everything that the police left It's too late when you notice it It's all gone, motherfuckers done stole yo shit You wanna kill'em and you still do But realize that real killas get killed too  [Hook]  [Verse Three] He's dissappeared into thin air, he's nowhere Whens the last time he been here, we don't care Cause he don't come around no mo' Nigga live with his momma, down in brough He's just tryin to survive I guess it's all right cause at least he's alive Cause nowadays a lil kid might shoot you down Life's wild in the town Young fools like to clown He did the same thing, fall for the lies Hold your head up high and swallowed the pride Caught in a trap, but don't know what you in Had a million, now you ain't got two cents You can't say nothin, now what I don't hear you talkin all that loud stuff If you live and you die by the game and you lose At least you did spend your life tryin to change  [Hook]  That's how it goes down That's how it goes down That's how it goes down  [Singing] I remember when we had it all...(we had it all) And I remember when we used to ball...(we used to ball) I remember, don't you remember When we had it all, we used to ball  That's how it goes down That's how it goes down That's how it goes down  [Lil Jon] What What What What YEEEAAA! Pitbull in this!This Lil Jon Chekin in Where my T golds at!  [Chorus] Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty  [Lil Jon] WHAT WHAT AAAA LETS GO!  [Pitbull] Pitbulls chillin the bottom wit no deals If them boys talk alot then its no reals Shimmya yall shimmy yay shimmy yayo Catch me wit picolo riding on them thangs Word of mouf theres a drought on the streets So who ever sitting on them k's is looking at some cheezle But dont let them boys find out where the safehouse is at And if its where you lay your head, what kinda safehouse is that! You dont deserve to hold weight you deserve to get robbed Your the first to turn state Those who got snitched on relate to No matter what you do heffer damn gon' hate ya Thats just mother nature Ain't she a mother I know theese bitches named bullets and they loved to date ya Or better said they love to rape ya From the bottom to A-town the game is ours now!  [Chorus] Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty  [Lil Jon] WHAT WHAT AAAA LETS GO!  [Pitbull] I from the land where you name it everythings crooked Watch what you do cuz, everythings looking Man theese streets got ears and eyes And they wanna know its all who what when and whyz So when you see me on them 24's spinning You know the cut me a serious check But for now I'm still grindin fiending for a legging Thats some serious shit ya I'm involved in some serious shit ya I'm like TI,I'm serious bitch I'm giving miami a facelift Yall just face it Dont believe its wrong just taste it  [Chorus] Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty  [Lil Jon] WHAT WHAT AAAA LETS GO!  [Scappy] When I came in mami you know you nasty Them bitch ass niggas wanna blast me Still punkn' gettin crunked off that crunk juice Hatin cuz your girl on me and she hate you We gotta do nigga what cutlass dropped down on d'z If you pump it relocate your soul from the streets Remember me lil g A-town to the O [OOOO] If you ain't got no money I'm a get some from your ho What you hate dawg? my dawg got rhymes on singing Get your hatin dawg, my twentyfo's keep spinning G'z up and whateva F down! Not a gat bring some money oh really? go act a clown Lay it up pimp get shot to the head But yall want my cutlass now I just want yo bread Sport a lil platinum B-C and B-B I'm thug nigga and you know this to the B!  Dont hate the, the playa Dont hate the, the game Dont hate the, the playa Dont hate the, the game  [Lil Jon] WHAT WHAT AAAA LETS GO!  [Chorus] Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty Twentyfo's on my truck that's nasty They spin when you stop that's nasty 