Straight outta Compton,
Crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube,
From the gang called Niggaz With Attitudes.
When I'm called off, 
I got a sawed off.
Squeeze the trigger, 
And bodies are hauled off.
You too, boy, if you fuck with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off your ass. That's how I'm going out,
For the punk motherfuckers that's showing out
Niggaz start to mumble, 
They want to rumble 
Mix them and cook them in a pot like Gumbo.
Going off on a motherfucker like that,
With a gat that's pointed at your ass. 
So give it up smooth.
Ain't no telling when I'm down for a jack move.
Here's a murder rap to keep ya dancing,
With a crime record like Charles Manson.
AK-47 is the tool.
Don't make me act a motherfucking fool.
Me and you can go toe to toe, no maybe,
I'm knocking niggaz out the box daily.
Yo weekly, monthly, and yearly,
Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T.
Boy, you can't fuck with me.
So when I'm in your neighborhood, 
You better duck,
'cause Ice Cube is crazy as fuck.
As I leave, believe I'm stomping
But when I come back, boy, 
I'm coming straight outta Compton.
[Yo Ren! Wussup? Tell 'em where ya from!]
Straight outta Compton,
Another crazy ass nigga.
More punks I smoke, 
Yo my rep gets bigger.
I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this,
But the pussy ass niggaz won't show this.
But I don't give a fuck, I'mma make my snaps,
If not from the records, from jacking, or craps. [?? #1]
It's like burglary, the definition is jacking,
Or when illegally armed, it's called packing.
Shoot a motherfucker in a minute,
I find a good piece of pussy, and go up in it.
So if you're at a show in the front row, 
I'mma call you a bitch or a dirty ass 'ho.
You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to,
But that shows me what you're composed to [?? #2]
A crazy motherfucker from the street.
Attitude legit, 'cause I'm tearing up shit.
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb motherfucker that starts static.
Not the right hand, 'cause I'm the hand itself, 
Every time, I pull a AK off the shelf.
Security is maximum and that's a law.
R-E-N spells Ren, but I'm raw.
See, 'cause I'm the motherfucking villain.
The definition is clear, 
You're the witness of a killing
That's taking place without a clue.
And once you're on the scope, 
Your ass is through.
Look, you might take it as a trip,
But a nigga like Ren is on a gangster tip. 
Straight outta Compton.
[Eazy is his name and the boy's coming...]
Straight outta Compton,
Is a brother that'll smother your mother
And make your sister think I love her.
Dangerous motherfucker raising hell,
And if I ever get caught I make bail.
See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem.
I see a motherfucking cop, I don't dodge him, 
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while,
And when I see the punk pass, I smile.
To me it's kind of funny, 
The attitude is showing;
Nigga driving,
But don't know where the fuck he going.
Just rolling,
Looking for the one they call Eazy,
But here's the flash: They never seize me.
Ruthless, never seen, like a shadow in the dark,
Except when I unload. You see, it's fun to jump over a hesitation [?? #3]
And hear the scream of the one who caught the lead penetration 
Feel a little gust of wind and I'm jetting,
But leave a memory, no one will be forgetting.
So what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her!
You think I give a damn about a bitch? I ain't a sucker.
This is an autobiography of the E 
And if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brother who will smother.
Word to the motherfucker.
Straight outta Compton. 
Damn, that shit was dope!
Right about now, N.W.A court is in full effect, Judge Dre presiding.
In the case of N.W.A versus the police department, the prosecuting attorneys are: MC Ren, Ice Cube, and Eazy Mothafuckin' E.
Order, order, order!
Ice Cube, take the mothafuckin' stand.
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothin' but the truth, so help your black ass?
You're goddamn right!
Won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say.
Fuck the police comin' straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad 'cause I'm brown
And not the other color some police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit 'cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucka with a badge and a gun
To be beaten on and thrown in jail
We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell
Fuckin' with me 'cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searchin' my car, lookin' for the product
Thinkin' every nigger is sellin' narcotics
You'd rather see me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rollin' in a Benz-o
Beat up police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still gettin' swoll' off bread and water
I don't know, if they fags or what
Search a nigger down, and grabbin' his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
'Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showin' out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just 'cause I'm from the CPT}
Punk police are afraid of me, huh
A young nigger on the warpath
And when I finish, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dyin' in L.A.
Yo Dre, I got something to say
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Pull your goddamn ass over right now.
Aw, shit, and what the fuck you pullin' me over for?
'Cause I feel like it, just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up!
Man, fuck this shit.
Alright smart-ass, I'm takin' your black ass to jail.
MC Ren, will you please give your testimony to the jury about this fucked up incident?
Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
Because the niggers on the street is a majority
A gang, that's wit whoever I'm steppin'
And a motherfuckin' weapon is kept in
A stash box for the so called law
Wishin' Ren was a nigger that they never saw
Lights all flashin' behind me
But they're scared of a nigger so they mace to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives 'em a hint, not to step in my path
To police, I'm sayin', "Fuck you punk!"
Readin' my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pullin' out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-assed badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it, punk, and I'ma fuck you up
Make you think I'ma kick your ass
But drop your gat and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'ma smoke 'em now and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
And any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Takin' out a cop or two that can't cope with me
The motherfucking villain that's mad
With potential to get bad as fuck
So I'ma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo and this is the sound 
Yeah, somethin' like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Takin' out a police would make my day
But a nigger like Ren don't give a fuck to say
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Yo man, whatcha need?
Police, open now (oh shit), we have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest.
Oh shit.
Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em!
Man, what did I do?
Just shut the fuck up and get yo' motherfuckin' ass on the floor.
But I didn't do shit.
Man, just shut the fuck up.
Eazy E, won't you step up to the stand and tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?
I'm tired of the motherfuckin' jackets
Sweatin' my gang while I'm chillin' in the shack an'
Shinin' the light in my face and for what
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe it's 'cause I blast
On a stupid-assed nigga when I'm playing with the trigger
Of an Uzi or an AK
'Cause the police always got somethin' stupid to say
They put up my picture with silence
'Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangster, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do you got
A sucker in uniform waitin' to get shot
By me, or another nigger
And with a gat, it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger
(Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school, fool)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rollin', keep lookin' in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rollin' off the eight, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughin', this is what I'll say
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
The jury has found you guilty of being a red-neck, white-bread, chicken-shit motherfucker.
That's a lie! that's a goddamn lie!
Get him out of here!
I want justice!
Get him the fuck out of my face.
I want justice!
Out right now!
Fuck you, you black motherfucker
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Fuck tha Police
Here's a little somethin' bout a nigga like me
never shoulda been let out the penititary
Ice Cube would like ta say
That I'm a crazy mutha fucka from around the way
Since I was a youth, I smoked weed out
Now I'm the mutha fucka that ya read about
Takin' a life or two
that's what the hell I do, you don't like how I'm livin
well fuck you!
This is a gang, and I'm in it
My man Dre'll fuck you up in a minute
With a right left, right left you're toothless
And then you say goddamn they ruthless!
Everwhere we go they say [damn!]
N W A's fuckin' up tha program
And then you realize we don't care
We don't just say no, we to busy sayin' yeah!
To drinkin' straight out the eight bottle
Do I look like a mutha fuckin role model?
To a kid lookin' up ta me
Life ain't nothin but bitches and money.
Cause I'm tha type o' nigga that's built ta last
If ya fuck wit me I'll put a foot in ya ass
See I don't give a fuck 'cause I keep bailin
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin

Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
"It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
"Hopin you sophisticated motherfuckers hear what I have to say"

When me and my posse stepped in the house
All the punk-ass niggaz start breakin out
Cause you know, they know whassup
So we started lookin for the bitches with the big butts
Like her, but she keep cryin
"I got a boyfriend" bitch stop lyin
Dumb-ass hooker ain't nuttin but a dyke
Suddenly I see, some niggaz that I don't like
Walked over to em, and said, "Whassup?"
The first nigga that I saw, hit em in the jaw
Ren started stompin em, and so did E
By that time got rushed by security
Out the door, but we don't quit
Ren said, "Let's start some shit!"
I got a shotgun, and here's the plot
Takin niggaz out with a flurry of buckshots
Boom boom boom, yeah I was gunnin
And then you look, all you see is niggaz runnin
and fallin and yellin and pushin and screamin
and cussin, I stepped back, and I kept bustin
And then I realized it's time for me to go
So I stopped, jumped in the vehicle
It's like this, because of that who-ride
N.W.A. is wanted for a homicide
Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass
See I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin?

Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
"It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
"He'll tell you exactly how he feel, and don't want a fuckin thing back"

Homies all standin around, just hangin
Some dope-dealin, some gang-bangin
We decide to roll and we deep
See a nigga on Dayton's and we creep
Real slow, and before you know
I had my shotgun pointed in the window
He got scared, and hit the gas
Right then, I knew I has to smoke his ass
He kept rollin, I jumped in the bucket
We couldn't catch him, so I said fuck it
Then we headed right back to the fort
Sweatin all the bitches in the biker shorts
We didn't get no play, from the ladies
With six niggaz in a car are you crazy?
She was scared, and it was showin
We all said "fuck you bitch!" and kept goin
To the hood, and we was fin to
Find somethin else to get into
Like some pussy, or in fact
A bum rush, but we call it rat pack
On a nigga for nuttin at all
Ice Cube'll go stupid when I'm full of eight ball
I might stumble, but I won't lose
Now I'm dressed in the county blues
Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin?

[Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit]
{Man whatcha gonna do now?}
"What we're gonna do right here is go way back"
[How far you goin back?]
"Way back"
"As we go a lil somethin like this" - Slick Rick

Here's a lil gangsta, short in size
A t-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise
Built like a tank yet hard to hit
Ice Cube and Eazy E cold runnin shit

Well I'm Eazy E the one they're talkin about
Nigga tried to roll the dice and just crapped out
Police tried to roll, so it's time to go
I creeped away real slow and jumped in the six-fo'
Wit the "Diamond in the back, sun-roof top"
Diggin the scene with the gangsta lean
Cause I'm the E, I don't slang or bang
I just smoke motherfuckers like it ain't no thang
And all you bitches, you know I'm talkin to you
"We want to fuck you Eazy!" I want to fuck you too
Cause you see, I don't really take no shit
[So let me tell you motherfuckers who you're fuckin with]
Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin?

Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
"It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
"He'll fuck up you and yours, and anything that gets in his way"

Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
"It's not about a salary, it's all about reality" - KRS One
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
"He'll just call you a low-life motherfucker, and talk about your
funky ways"
Ren is the villain and you're just an hostage 
so whenever I'm steppin cover your head like an ostrich 
Groupies been waitin for this, suckers been hatin for this 
You know why ? Because so many are relatin to this 
Jealous is how they feel it intentionally 
but they start to love it becoz I made it eventually 
Pumpin the music I keep the music like pumpin 
coz Ren ain't in here for nuthin, I keep the average crowd jumpin 
Yo, you know the color, the villain's in black 
Always down to make noise, and attack 
So you better get back unless you wanna come with it 
and make your face like a target and close your eyes when I hit it 
You're screamin with fear but it's with fear that you're screamin 
you're wakin up in a sweat coz Ren is givin bad dreams and 
I'm not schemin, I'm just tellin the facts 
That's how it is when N.W.A. starts to jack 
So brothers that wanna scrap with me 
That sweezin and sneezin will have to lap with me 
especially beggin to write some lyrics with me 
I just snatch your girl to take a nap with me 
coz when it comes to Ren there's no comparison 
And if you try to be me, it's quite embarassin 
but I understand coz you're mentally slow 
coz I can tell from the jump you're too nervous to go 

If it aint' ruff it ain't me (scratch) 
[Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack] 
If it ain't ruff it ain't me (scratch) 
Lemme bust a freestyle here [Allright then] 

I can tell that you're afraid to fight me 
simple because you lost the crowd and they had to invite me 
becoz you're sweat as a puddle but there's a puddle o' sweat 
I'm a threath, so get a cold rag and wipe your neck 
and clean the dirt off your face that calls acne 
It's ridiculous thinkin that you can jack me 
This is the round where the punch will go 
until ya A G-A-T that's known as a flow 
I'm makin a point but it's a point that I'm makin 
Like, see, I'm hatin the fakin I keep the suckers like shakin 
Scared to speak with a tongue and they're chozen 
The sound of my voice in their ear and they're frozen 
This is a battle to the death, it's like the [?? same ol' ??] 
against a brother on a tip, with [??] 
Givin a pain but it's with pain that I'm givin 
but I'm comparin and tearin'em but I'm makin a livin 
with the hype of a 9 Volt battery 
and the odds for me to conquer is averagely good 
Meanin I'm a flow 
I'm from the streets so, yo, I'm ready to go 

If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] 
[Tha gangsta's black and he's about to attack] 
If it ain't ruff it ain't me 
[Man whatcha gonna do now ?] [get funky] 

The 'do not disturb' sign is in effect 
while I'm thinkin of a fool to select 
to give the victim the verdict so for the verdict a victim 
slammin my vocals on a dance with the rest then I kick them 
Tell'em they're guilty, and beep out the bailer 
and get a new track o' drums so I can play with 
percussion; pumpin it loud when I perform 
Yo, you wanna play in my game, put on a uniform 
It ain't a rule in the book you have to go by 
Hey, coz when it comes to cheatin yo you should know I 
for fear in the hearts coz it's the hearts full of fear 
coz what you hear in your ear is something funky and clear 
The hump was incredible yo but Ren he was super 
But now I'm ruthless, a civilian and not a trooper 
but a soldier with a top rankin 
givin dope material, the hell with the gankin 
So play like an airplane and just jet 
and keep your blood pressure low coz I'm a [??], if not 
I'm afraid of the show 
that you're a sucker and you're too nervous to go 

If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] 
[The gangsta's black and he's about to attack] 
If it ain't ruff it ain't me [Yo Ren] 
[The gangsta's black] If it ain't ... If it ain't 
Aiyyo Dre, what's goin on, man? What's goin on?
Ay what ch'all gonna do for this last record?
Nah tell me what cha'all gonna do?
Okay, you want me to do the intro? Aight!

Parental discretion is advised for the moment
While I'm getting candid, now understand it
Ain't too typical in any way, though the pro
On the mic is the D.O. to the C. this is an intro
I know the DOC makes you want to take a valium
So buy a bucket, cause upcomin is my album
And for the record, meanin my record, check it
Listen to the single and you'll be like, yo, I gotta get it
But in the meantime, listen to the rhyme
of the Dr. Dre, played wit N.W.A.
Yella's on the drum roll, rockin the beat
Aiyyo Dre, where're you gonna take this shit, man?

Aiyyo, let's take it to the street (WORD UP!), let 'em understand perfection
Let knowledge be the tool for suckers to stop guessin
Cause I don't give a fuck about a radio play
Observed the english I display
Lyrics for the adults, children have been barred
And scarred from listenin to somethin so motherfuckin HARD
Dope, pumpin that's so my shit will never falter
Yo, it's Dre, so fuck the "Mind of Minolta"
Psycho, like no, other motherfucker
So step to me wrong, G-O for what you N-O
But be warned, never will I leave like a regular
Cause I'm a little better than the regular competitor
I use to see 'em on stage
Earnin money like a thief, but without a gauge
Until I got full, of clockin the lame gettin pull
(They said you wasn't gon' get paid) Nah that's bullshit!
They like it stylistic
And I enchant the crowd like I'm a mystic
(C-C-C-C) C-C-C-cameras are flashin, when I'm in action
A photo, or fresh with a flair for fashion
Pure simplicity, see it's elementary
You hear one of the hardest motherfuckers this century
Try to comprise a word to the wise and the guys
Parental discretion is advised

Ren is most extremely high performance
The black hat cause I worn this, cause it's like enormous
Some shit I don't take it, not even in a toilet
And shit from a sucker, put in a pot and I'll boil it
Turn up the pilot as it burns
And maybe, the motherfuckers will learn
I'm not a sub, cause I speak sensible
Not considered a prince, cause I'm a principal
I'm engineerin the shit that you're hearin
Cause when it comes to power, I'm power steerin
Silly you say, I say you're silly when you say it
Rushin to the eject, to put my shit in and play it
It's like Apollo, but I'm not an amateur
And I'm not givin a fuck, while I'm damagin ya
It's for the record, so Ren's lyrics is gonna spin it
And if there was a trophy involved, I'll win it
Possession is mine and I'm the holder
Cause a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck cause I'm older
So for you to step off would be wise
And say fuck it, parental discretion is advised

I be what is known as a bandit
You gotta hand it to me when you truly understand it
Cause if you fail to see, read it in braile
It'll still be funky - so what's next is the flex
Of a genius, my rapid-stutter-steppin if you seen this
dope, you hope that I don't really mean this
But if played, made the grade or high-top fade
It's not my trademark when I get loose in the dark
You guess it was a test of a different style
It's just another motherfucker on the pile
Drivin your ass with the flow of your tongue
You hung yourself short, the after-knowledge was brung
To your attention, by the hardest motherfuckin artist
that is know for lynchin any sucker in a minute
Stagger 'em all
When I start flowin like Niagara Falls
Ice Cube is equipped to rip shit in a battle
Move like a snake when I'm mad, and then my tail rattle
I get low on the flow so let your kids know
When I bust, parental discretion is a must

Little did they know, that I would be arrivin
And it's surprisin, rockin it from where I been
But it's the E here to take, no mistake to be made
In the trade where funky ass records are bein played
Fuck the regular, yo as I get better the
Bitches wanna trick and go stupid up on the dick
So I get 'em hot, thinkin they're gonna get it
As they sit, rubbin their legs like a cricket
To you it may be funny, but
There's no service of beef, without money
So slip the C-note, and you can choke
On a wing-ding-ding-a-ling down your throat
Foreplay to me ain't shit
When you spread 'em I'm ready, then you can get the dick
Of the Eaze, if you can deal with the size
But if you can't, parental discretion's advised!
I don't drink brass monkey, like the beat funky 
Nickname Eazy-E your 8 ball junkie
Bass drum kicking, to show my shit
Rap a hole in my dick, boy, I don't quit
Crowd rocking motherfucker from around the way
I got a six shooter yo mean I am brave
Rolling through the hood to find the boys
Kick dust and cuss crank up some noise
Police on my drawers, I have to pause
40 ounce in my lap and it's freezing my balls
Hook a right turn and let the boys go past
then I say to myself, "They can kiss my ass"
Hip to get drunk got the 8 in my lips
Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits
Turn the shit up had the bass cold whomping
Cruising through the east side south of Compton
See a big ass and I say word
I took a look at the face, and the bitch was to the curb
Hoes on my tip for the title I'm holding
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rolling

Riding on Slauson looking for Crenshaw
Turned down the sound to ditch the law
Stopped at a light and had a fit
Cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit
Flipped his ass off put it to the floor
Bottle was empty so I went to the store
Nigga on tip cause I was drunk
See a sissy ass punk had to go in my trunk
Reached inside cause it's like that
Came back out with a silver gat
Fired at the punk and it was all because
I had to show the nigger what time it was
Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage
A sissy like that got out of Dodge
Sucka on me cause the title I'm holding 
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 Ball rolling

Olde English 800 cause that's my brand
Take it in a bottle, 40, quart, or can
Drink it like a madman yes I do
Fuck the police and a 5-0 too
Stepped in the park I was drunk as hell
Three bitches already said, "Eric your breath smells!"
40 ounce in hand that's what I got
"Yo man you see Eazy urlin' in the parking lot?"
Stepped on your foot cold dissed your hoe
Asked her to dance and she said, "Hell No!"
Called her a bitch cause that's the rule
Boyz n tha Hood trying to keep me cool
Tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt
I walked in your face and we get on up
I start dropping the dogs and watch you fall 
Just dumb full of cumn got knocked out cold
"Make you look sick you snotty nosed prick!
Now your fly bitche is all over his dick!"
Punk got dropped cause the title I'm holding 
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rolling

Pass the brew mother fucker while I tear shit up 
and yall listen up close to roll call
Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice
Rendezvous with me and we make the deuce
Dre makes the beats so goddamn funky
Do the Olde 8 fuck the brass monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say
Hail to the niggas from CIA
Crazy D is down and in effect
We make hard core jams so fuck respect
Make a toast all you punks to the title I'm holding 
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rolling
Back by demand, now it's big as f**k
because you as the public, you should know what's up
"Compton's in the House" was more than gold, it was a hit
cause it was based on some crazy shit
So our final conclusion has been permitted
Punks made us a target and knew that we'd hit it
But that was a part of showbizz
Hey yo homeboy, why don't you tell'em what your name is ?
Well for the record it's Ren, and for the street it's villain
And strapped with a gat, it's more like Matt Dillon
on "Gunsmoke", but not a man of the law
I'm just the baddest motherf**ker that you ever saw
See, I peep and then I creep on a fool
Get my bloodpressure high but still stay cool
Dig a grave of a nigga lookin' up to me
that really had the nerve that he could f**k with me
Who was the man in the mass, while I was waitin' to axe 
you know, it's MC Ren kickin' mucho ass
Gettin' respect in showbizz
Hey yo homeboy Why don't you tell'em what yo name is ?

Dre, the motherf**kin' doctor, bitch hopper
The sucker-motherf**ker stopper
Back with a vocal track that's a fresh one
so now, let's get the motherf**kin' session 
goin', flowin'. It's time to start throwin'
rhymes. So keep in mind all the suckers I'm blowin'
cause I'm a start showin' the time
Never sayin' I'm the best and just goin' for mine
Unlike a lotta suckers who claim they're gettin' busy
when their records only make good frisbees
You need to stop runnin' off the mouth
Stop and think before you put some whack bullshit out


It's not difficult, in fact it's kinda simple
to create something funky that's original
You need to talk about the place to be
who you are, what you got, about a suck MC

Oh yeah, that's what I'm talkin' about, Ren,
You know what I'm sayin' ?
Yeah, I know what you're sayin', Dre, but you
still ain't told'em enough, man
Allright, Allright
Well, let's kick one more verse right here, allright
Kick it

This is portable, something to f**k with yo ear
Ren and Dre will appear when the sound is clear
to f**k it up like we always do, and that's the trick
Sayin' some shit to make the bitches wanna suck our dicks
But it's an everyday thang
communicating to y'all with the Compton slang
Compton's back in the house and your appartment
so open your door, by the way, so we can start it
Test the monitors and call this mic
cause the way we feel, we're gonna f**k it up tonight
I got my mic in my hand, with a hell of a grip
Bitches screamin' and shit, now it's a trip
Waitin' for the grand finale, or the end
or stupid rhymes set be Dre and Ren
Well, like a kid, we get new shoes and go faster
Smilin', like hell, as we move past the
suckers, the motherf**kers with the ego hype
cause we're positive and they're on a negative type
and if think we're about to quit...
motherf**ker you ain't heard shit

Yeah, that shit was funky, you know what I'm sayin', Ren ?
I know what you're sayin', this is MC Ren and Dr.Dre
cold kickin' it in the place
Ah yeah, my mellow Eazy E in the house
Yella Boy in the house
my boy Ice Cube
Arabian Prince cold rockin' shit
Oh yeah, hey, I'm a say whassup to my homeboys from CNW
Yeah, hey, yo Ren, whatta we gonna call this shit ?
Tell'em what yo name is ?
Yeah something like that...
Yo, man, there's a lot of brothers out there
Flakin' and perpetratin' who scared to kick reality
Yo, Dre, you been doin' all this dope producin'
You ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is!
So watchu want me to do...?

I'm expressin' with my full capabilities
And now I'm livin' in correctional facilities
'Cause some don't agree wit how I do this
I get straight, and meditate, like a Buddhist
I'm droppin' flavour, my behavior is hereditary
But my technique is very necessary
Blame it on Ice Cube, because he said it get funky
When you got a subject and a predicate
Add it on a dope beat, and it'll make ya think
Some suckers just tickle me pink, to my stomach
'Cause they don't flow like this one
You know what, I won't hesitate to diss one or two before I'm through
So don't try to sing this
Some drop science, well I'm droppin' English
Even if Yella, makes it a cappella
I still express yo I don't smoke weed or sess
'Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage
And brain damage on the mic don't manage nuttin
But makin' a sucker and you equal
Don't be another sequel

Express yourself
Do it do...
Express yourself
Oh do it

Ice Cube, is not for the pop charts
So where should a brother like you start expressin' yourself?
My boy'll show you how! Yo Dre
Watup?
Drop English right about now
Gettin' back to the PG
That's program, and it's easy
Dre is back, New Jacks are made hollow
Expressin' niggers subject because they like to follow the words
The style, the trend, the records I spin
Again and again and again
Yo ya'll on the other end
Watch a brother bringin' dope rhymes, with no help
There's no fessin' or guessin' when I'm expressin' myself
It's crazy to see people be what society wants 'em to be,
But not me! 
Ruthless, is the way togo, they know,
Others say rhymes that fail to be original,
Or they kill where the hip-hop starts,
Forget about the ghetto, and rap for the pop charts!
And those musicians, that cuss at home,
But scared to use profanity, when up on the microphone,
Yeh they want reality, but chu won't hear none,
They rather exaggerate a little fiction!
Some say no to drugs, and take a stand,
But after the show they go lookin for the Dopeman!
Oh they ban my group from the radio, 'here, NWA',
They say 'Hell no!'
But chu know it ain't all about wealth,
As long as you make a note to, express yourself!

Express Yourself!
Do it do...
Express Yourself!
Oh do it!

A lyricist, yo Dre is the name for it,
To make somethin' dope on a record that's what he came for,
Kickin' reality over stand us up,
But it's important to keep it in mind to Express Yourself!!
From the heart if you wanna start and move up the chart then 
expression is big part of it.
You ain't efficient when you flow, you ain't swift,
Movin' like a tortise, full o' rigor mortis!
There's a little bit more to show,
I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like a embryo.
A lesson, all bout expression,
And if you start fessin, i got a smith n weston for ya!
I might ignore you're record, because it has no bottom,
I get loose in the summer, winter, spring and autumn.
It's Dre on the mic gettin physical,
Doin the job, NWA is the lynch mob!
Yes i'm macabre, but chu know you need this,
And the night i just gone, just like a fetus,
Or tumor, heres the rumour, Dre's in the neighbourhood and he's up to no good!
When i start expressin myself, Yella slam me,
Cause if i stay funky like dis, I'm doin damage!
Or I'ma be too hype, and need a straightjacket,
I got knowledge, and other suckers lack it,
So when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic,
Ask what it's like, it's like we gettin hype tonight!
Cause if i strike, It ain't for your good health,
But i won't strike if you just Express Yourself!

Express Yourself!
Do it do...
Express Yourself!
Oh do it!
Ah yeah, right about now Compton's in de mothafuckin' house [yeah do it do it]
NWA's in full effect
Hey yo yella boy, kick me that funky-ass beat
Yeah, who's in de mothafuckin' house?
Compton's in the mothafuckin' house!
Yeah, Compton's definetly in the house
Hey yo Ren, what we're gonna do?

To the people over here
To the people over there
To the people, the people, the people, people, the people, the people
People From everywhere watching the show
Paying top dolars because they know
When we're on the stage, we're in a mothafuckin' range
So Dre, why don't you get the 12 guage [yeah]
And show 'em how Eazy-Duz-It
So if you punks wanna make somethin' of it
Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker
You want some of this?
Then you're a stupid mothafucka!
Kickin' - like the kick from a kickdrum
Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb
Programmin' - a beat that's hittin'
And if you listen then you know we're not bullshittin'
Dope - like a pound or a key
So shut de fuck up and listen to me
I make a killin
I got money to the ceiling
'cause I'm a mothafuckin' ruthless villain
MC Ren - stomping any fool in my way
With some help from my homeboy Dre

Now my name iz Dre - de mothafuckin' doctor
Rippin' shit up [oh yeah] and here to rock ya
With some help from my homeboy E
The criminal of the ruthless posse
Fuckin' it up [word up] iz what we do
The reputation of the NWA crew
Gettin' busy because we're cold stampin'
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised in Compton

Speakin' of Compton, it's makin' me sick
Everybody'z talkin' that crazy shit
Sayin' they were raised in the CPT
Just as I was, they try to be like me
Poppin' that shit, get the fuck out my face
Knowin' that they never even seen the place
Claimin' my city is my city they claim
Mothafuckaz we're about to put some salt in your game ..

Yeah I'm tired of these mothafuckerz runnin' around town, talkin' about
They're from Compton and shit, tryin' to get on the bandwagon ..
Yeah Dre, I know what you're sayin' man, but let's tell 'em who we're
Talkin' about ..

WHAT DO YOU CALL A CREW THAT CAN RAP LIKE THAT ...?
Yo NWA call 'em mothafuckaz wack..

They got a wacky wack record wit a wacky wack crew
Yo what about the lyrics?
That shit's wacky wack too
With a fucked up style and a fucked up show
Hey yo Ren, what about the scratchin', is it def?
Fuck no!

The mothafuckin' record is so mothafuckin' wack 
The mothafuckin' cracka jack needs to step the fuck back ...

Do you want some of this?
Hell no ..
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain
Yella boy, why don't you kick me one of them funky-ass beats?
My boy .. my boy .. my boy Ice Cube
Yo we got my homeboy Eazy E in de house
Won't you tell 'em what your name iz?


MC Ren is the mothafuckin' Coroner
I'm gettin' rid of mothafuckaz as if they was a foreigner
Show no greed to pretend when I sin
I punch you can block it but I'm a still get in
This ain't a TKO in the first
But it's some shit from a nigga in black it's much worse
Then a beat from Tyson 'cause Ren is not nice and
Your ass is better off just rollin' a dice and
Findin' you a number for luck
'cause you all need it when you see I don't give a fuck
My identity, and the shit is gettin' shown
Without a video I'm still gettin' on
I'm at a show then my picture is takin'
One click of the flash and punk niggaz are breakin'
To the door, tryin' to join my fan club
Lipstickin' over one of my dubs
And it's the minimal scratch for the moment
Until I fuck up the so called opponet
That's standing in the zone of the twilight
Sayin' how in de fuck did he get mixed up in my fight
It was'nt a mistake, it was a set-up
So until I'm finished poppin' my lyrics you should shut up
And don't attempt to speak
Because it's bad enough you rollin' up shit quick
With a nigga like Ren about the hit
Now lemme hear you mothafuckaz talk some more shit
I'm a bust your ass in your mouth, 
Yo, unless you're sayin' "Compton's in de house"


Who realy cares - about a sucker on a take off
Bust de move, we can have a shake n' bake-off
Me and you can go 'cause I don't care yo
Rap fight or guerilla warfare
We can rumble, 'cause when my lungs go in and out
I kick rhymes in a bundle to win about
Or scarier scaffle
I just muffle the opposition, there's no competition
Let 'em know that Dre is gettin' stronger
Compton's in de house but now it's some' longer
I won't get set-up, shut up, I'm kinda fed up
You can say uncle and I still won't let up
'cause Dre is the mothafuckin' doctor
And if me and Ren's on the mike it's like propaganda, no doubt
"Boy you should've known by now" ..

Compton's in the house
Yeah, it's time to put Compton on de map, don't ever think you can get it on
You stupid mothafuckaz!

Compton's in the house
I ain't the one, the one to get played like a pooh butt
See I'm from the street, so I know what's up
On these silly games that's played by the women
I'm only happy when I'm goin up in em
But you know, I'm a menace to society
But girls in biker shorts are so fly to me
So I step to em, with aggression
Listen to the kid, and learn a lesson today
See they think we narrow minded
Cause they got a cute face, and big-behinded
So I walk over and say "How ya doin?"
See I'm only down for screwin, but you know
ya gotta play it off cool
Cause if they catch you slippin, you'll get schooled
And they'll get you for your money, son
Next thing you know you're gettin their hair and they nails done
Fool, and they'll let you show em off
But when it comes to sex, they got a bad cough
Or a headache, it's all give and no take
Run out of money, and watch your heart break
They'll drop you like a bad habit
cause a brother with money yo, they gotta have it
Messin with me though, they gets none
You can't juice Ice Cube girl, cause I ain't the one

Sometimes I used to wonder
How the hell an ugly dude get a fine girl's number
He's gettin juiced for his ducats
I tell a girl in a minute yo, I drive a bucket
And won't think nuttin of it
She can ride or walk, either leave it or love it
I show her that I'm not the O, the N-E, say
I'm a ruthless N-I double-G A
Cause I'm gamin on a female that's gamin on me
You know I spell girl with a B
A brother like me is only out for one thing
I think with my ding-a-ling, but I won't bring no
flowers to your doorstep, when we goin out
Cause you'll take it for granted, no doubt
And after the date, I'ma want to do the wild thing
You want lobster huh? I'm thinking Burger King
And when I take you, you get frustrated
You can't juice Ice Cube and you hate it
But you see, I don't go nuts
Over girls like you with the BIG ol butts
It start comin out the pocket, to knock it
But when the damage is done...
You can only lay me girl, you can't play me girl
For the simple fact that, I ain't the one

(I don't care how they look if they got money,
we can hook up but they ain't gettin none.)

(Yeah I just make em think they gonna get some,
play up they mind a lil bit, and get that money.)

(Oh Ice Cube, can I have some money pleeeease?)

Give you money why bother
Cause you know I'm lookin nothin like your father
Girl, I can't be played or ganked
Ganked means getting took for your bank
Or your gold or your money or something
Nine times outta ten, she's giving up nothing
They get mad when I put it in perspective
But let's see if my knowledge is effective
To the brothas man they robbing you blind
Cause they fine with a big behind, but pay it no mind
Keep your money to yourself homie
and if you got enough game
You'll get her name and her number
Without going under
You can't leave em and love and stay above em
I used to get no play now she stay behind me
Cause I said I had a Benz 190
But I lied and played the one
Just to get some now she feels dumb
To my homies it's funny
But that's what you get trying to play me for my money
Now don't you feel used
But I don't give hoot, huh, because I knock boots
You shouldn't be, so damn material
And try to milk Ice Cube like cereal
Now how many times do I have to say it
Cause if I have to go get a gun
You girls will learn I don't burn
You think I'm a sucka, but I ain't the one

(But you said you love me!)
I don't see no rings on this finger
(Why you doin me like this? I love you!)
Yeah you love my money, I got what I wanted -- beat it
Yo man what you need?
Yo ah man I need something, man
I need a 20 man.
How much you got man
I..I got this real chain man.
Man this shit look like that gold on a roll shit, man
It's real man
This shit aint real, man, you better get the fuck outta here
and comeback wit some money, man
C'mon man be cool man
You Mexicans always come wit dis shit

Yo Dre, Kick in the Bass

It was once said by a man who couldn't quit 
Dope man please can I have another hit 
The dope man said clucka, I don't give a shit 
If your girl kneeled down and sucked my dick 
It all happened and the guy tried to choke her 
Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothin but a smoka
That's the way it goes that's the name of the game 
Young brotha gettin over by slangin cane 
Gold around his neck in 14 k heaven 
Bitches jockin' on his dick 24-7 plus he's makin 
Money keepin tha base heads waiting 
Rollin 6.4. wit tha fresh ass daytons 
Livin in Compton, Cailfornia CA 
His uzi up yo ass if he don't get paid 
Nigga begging for credit he's knockin out teeth 
Clockin much dollars on tha 1st and 15th
Big wad of money nuttin less than a twenty 
Yo you want a five-oh the dope man gots plenty 
To be a dope man boy you must qualify 
Don't get high off your own supply 
From a kid to a G it's all about money 
10 piece for 10 base pipe comes free 
If people out there are not hip 2 tha fact 
If you see some one gettin money 4 crack he's 
tha....... 

dope man dope man 
hey man give me a hit 
dope man dope man 
yo man fuck that shit 
dope man dope man 
we just can't quit 
dope man dope man 
well suck this bitch 

Wait a minute who tha fuck are you talkin 2 do u know who i am 
Man i can't believe this shit this bitch iz tryin 2 gank me 
i'll slap you up side yo head wit 9 inches of limp dick 

you need a nigga wit money so u get a dope man 
juice that fool 4 has much as u can 
she likes his car and he gets wit her 
got a black eye cuz tha dope man hit her 
let that slide and u pay it no mind 
find that he's slapping u all tha time 
that's ok cuz he'z so rich and u ain't 
nuttin but tha dope man'z bitch do what he say and 
u keep yo mouth shut poppin that trash 
might get you fucked up you'll sit and cry 
if tha dope man strikes you he don't give a fuck 
he gots 2 just like you 
There's a another girl in tha dopeman's life 
Not quite a bitch but far from a wife 
shes called strawberry and everybody know 
strawberry strawberry iz tha neighborhood ho
do any thing for a hit or 2 give tha bitch a rock 
she'll fuck the whole damn crew 
it might be yo wife and it might make u sick 
come home and see her mouth on tha dopeman's dick 
strawberry just look and you'll see her 
But don't fuck around she'll give you ghonnorhea 
if people out there ain't hip to the fact 
strawberry iz a girl selling pussy 4 crack 

dope man dope man 
hey man give me a hit 
dope man dope man 
hey yo man fuck that shit 
dope man dope man 
in yo face 
hey yo dre kick in tha bass 
if you smoke 'cane you'e a stupid motherfucka...
known around the hood as the schoolyard clucka
doin' that crack with all the money ya got
on yo hands and knees searchin for a piece of rock
jonzing for a hit and you looking for more
Doug stole a Alpine of out Eazy's 6-4
you need yo ass whooped cause it's out of this earth
can't get a 10 piece need a dolla fifty's worth
knucklehead nigga yeah you turned into a crook
but swear up and down boy that you aint hooked
you beat your friend up and you whooped his ass long
cause he hit the pipe till the rock was all gone
you robbin and stealin', bugging and illin' 
while the dope man's dealing
what is killin' your pain, cocaine, this shit's insane
yo, E, she's a berry lets run a train

Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch

Me niether Ho go home and wash out yo beaver
and niggas out there messing up people's health
yo what the fuck yo gotta say for yourself

Well i'm the dopeman yeah boy wear coduoroy
money up to here but unemployed
you keep smoking that rock and my pocket's getting bigger...

Yo, got that five-0 double up nigga

Yeah high rollin big money I'm foldin
bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin
strong strawberry jockin me so early
ho you want a hit you gotta get your knees dirty
well that's my life that how it's cut

Hey dope man...

..bitch shut the fuck up
gotta make a run it's a big money deal
gankers got the fake but you can get the real from the 

dope man, dope man
yeah that's me
dope man, dope man
yo can I get a G?
dope man, dope man
clock as much as he can
fuck this shit, who am I?
THE DOPE MAN!
yo mr dope man you think your slick
you sold crack 2 my sister and now shes sick but if she 
happens 2 die becuzz 
of yo drug i'm puttin in yo culo a 38 slug
Ruthless, plenty of that and much more
So at the party, Ren is controllin the floor
that you step and do your danceroutine
It ain't a dream my man, you're in a gangsta scene
with a villain doin damage on a 24 track
With confusion to finish my conclusion
Arhytomatic rhymes from a radio cat
You can't take what I got coz I'll be takin it right back
(Ruthless gangsta) Cold killin
You wanna know what it's means ? (definition...villain)
With the stupid dope rhyme
So once you hear one line you can tell it's mine
With a baseball cap that's black that I'm wearin
and a look that keeps you all starin
and wondering why I'm invincible
But when you hear my rhyme, it's convincible
I don't take no shorts while I'm constructin the ground
that makes y'all move around to my hell of a sound
Girls drool on me like a dyin
I go to the party. I hip a hop the spot
I dunno what it is, but the girls get hot
aspirin like they're on fire and
their so-called boyfriends with'em are retirin
And for this reason I'm a walkin threath
So when I'm on stage I want...(Ssssht)

Now to get started with my musical profession
A gangsta or villain in mine is in session
The way that I'm referrin to this makes ya move ya butt
but don't stand in a daze, yeah you should know what's up
Anyway I keep the clappin along
coz nothing bad could go wrong because this song is so strong
(?? huh ?? I'm ???) who could ask for anything more 
when N.W.A. is cold rockin the floor
like stupid, actin like a retard
waitin for a bumrush, gettin to the good part
It tips me so with temptation
writin my lyrics with this hyped information
Just look at the center of the stage where the spotlight shines 
Unpredictable, keepin you extremely enjoyed


It's irresistable, meanin that you can't avoid
And while I'm on stage, look forward to sweat
but after I rip it up I want...(Ssssht)

I can be loud as hell, think I will ? (Never)
(Ssssht) (Eazy E: Quiet on tha set) Yeah I like that better
(?? huh ?? As what I can do ??) I think I earn respect
And if I didn't from you, that's what I expect
coz if it ain't ruff it ain't me
So who really cares how you want me to be
See, I'm just me standin at the top of the pile
and doin soft known tunes it ain't my style
And this concludes our program
of how N.W.A. makes a ruthless jam
Now first we take an average drum
Give it to Dre, and the boy gets dumb
It's no secret, that I sit alone at night
Pick up a pad and pen and begin to write
all kinda lyrics that's promised to play
to make everybody say:
(They can be cold and ruthless no question about that,
but sometimes it's more complicated...)
(Eazy E: Yo Dre) (You know what I want you to do ?)
(Public Enemy: Bring that beat back, bring that beat back)

Now MC Ren is here workin like super glue
No matter what I do, I'm always thinkin o' you
Coz I'm the pusher, supplyin the fix
And this jam's so dope, it don't need a remix
But I'm makin obstacles of enemy traps
to catch any MC's with the weak-ass raps
Crucifyin their (?? huh ??) like just for usin my name
The definition is pain, but that's the thing o' the game
If they try to retreat, I catch'em one at a time
coz they're comittin a crime, and still promotin a rhyme
So, you're in the back of me just listen and learn
because you'll all get a chance or maybe a turn
Now my sideman wants to give a preview
so at my next concert I wanna see you
there not sittin in a chair
standin on yo feet, with yo hand in the air
Now I'm about to get out but I'll be back
But next time expect the more funkier track
deep down for your enjoyment to hear more percussion
with lyrics that's smooth to start some discussion
The beat that I'm (?? hype ??) and you know that's bad
Now continue to dance coz I'm thru with tha set
Yo give me somethin' to dance to

Calling the police, Calling the g-men
Calling all americans

Arabian Prince, back wit' a style that's hype
Not slow and low, it's the fast type
Gettin dumped, can you hear the drums
Yo Dre why don't you pump it up some
I pumped it up so now what's up
Yo Yella boy, add a little cut
What the hell, you think we need some bells
Yeah, homeboy, might as well
There it is, so now what's next
A little ssssssssssss
So find me a ho, wait a minute
You need somethin' else then
This is what I want you to do
Feel the groove, bust a move


Yo I'm tired, what about you
Man this is somethin' to dance to

Man that's wack, everybody used that
Yo, why dont you bring back the other track
Yeah there you go that's what I'm sayin
I like it when that dope stuffs playin
Real loud, in ya ear hole
Man let's go, I think my feet are swoll' from dancin' so damn much
Maaaaaan, I don't give a what
You wanna leave? With all these females pullin on my sleeve
I bet, you can jet, homeboy, no sweat
This is what I want you to do
Feel the groove, bust a move
This is somethin' to dance to
Let the bass kick
Th-th-this is somethin ta dance to
